Cancer
Speaking of lychee: throw some into a flute with peach juice and sparkling wine and you’ve got yourself an Instagram-ready birthday cocktail!!! Drink a few and document the whole experience. You deserve it.

You also deserve a fun-filled birthday month, wherein you hear the phrase “ask and you shall receive” aplenty. Luckily, that’s exactly what the planets are poised to give you! Since Cancer is ruled by the moon, you will float through July largely unaffected by the multiple retrogrades; instead, on the 13th, your floating rock in the sky will give you a little birthday present in the form of a new moon.

New moons offer new perspectives, fresh starts and opportunities for personal rejuvenation. When a new moon hangs out in the Cancer constellation, it’s even more sensitive to your needs and emotions, which makes this one especially powerful. In other words: cancel plans and treat yourself. I won’t tell you to grab a bath bomb and settle in with a candle or two, but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t do it.

We’re not done yet! More good news aplenty!!! (I’m really into that word right now.) The 5th is a good day to flirt up a storm, since you’ll be getting a boost from lucky Jupiter and magnetic Scorpio. Your charms will be downright irresistible and it would honestly be rude not to take advantage. (If you’re already in a relationship: so? You can still flirt up a storm.) Plus, you’ll be able to pull off any look, so throw on some lingerie and a maybe some dad sneakers, if you’re into that kind of thing.

Leo
Hey fellow sun babies! It’s not our time to shine just yet, although I know we all hate hearing that. I guess technically, for a Leo, it’s always time to shine. This is especially true if you’ve been using this summer to indulge in some bright orange highlighter and bejewled eye lewks, which I think you should.

You probably already know this, but the start of Leo season on the 22nd will bring a rush of white-hot energy. You may not know that shortly after, the 26th might put a damper on your plans to enlist your squad to photograph you in various thirst trap poses by the pool. That’s right, folks: Mercury turns retrograde in Leo at the end of this month and everything will be ruined.

Just kidding! As the old saying goes (?), a little retrograde doesn’t get a lion down. You’ll probably just feel a bit extra frustrated by flaky friends and a bit more sensitive when it comes to criticism. It’s important to remember, especially when Mercury retrograde welcomes an overflow of miscommunication, not to take everything so personally. Go ahead and delete that Slack message to your boss because responding to your email with “sounds good” and no punctuation does not mean that she’s mad at you.

Virgo
Crack open that Febreze ‘cause you’ll be the life of the party this month! By “life,” of course, I mean the caring, responsible voice of reason and by “ party” I mean July’s petri dish of emotional upheaval. It’s a good thing you always carry hand sanitizer, tissues and a label maker because July might get messy (for everyone else).

For you, dear Virgo, July will see your relationships thrive. On the 10th, you will welcome Venus into your midst and she is one saucy minx. Venus is the planet of love, affection, beauty, harmony and — excellent news! — she is sailing straight through the sky. No retrograde nonsense here! People will gravitate towards you during this time, asking for advice or perhaps a shoulder to cry on.

Now enough about everyone else, let’s focus on your own specific agenda (I know, I know, I’ll stop flirting. I know you love a good plan). On the 12th, you’ll be promotion-level productive, so make sure you have plenty of coffee at your disposal. You’ll feel the urge to work on the 14th but it’s a Saturday so put the damn computer down and go for a walk; this is actually a great day to be personally productive, so call your mom or enjoy a date night. The 22nd will be the best of all, but it’ll also be full of surprises, so I can’t tell you why.

Libra
There aren’t any fun zodiac-themed greetings for Libras because what kind of cute joke can you make about scales? Who decided that Libra would be the only sign represented by an inanimate object? If I were one of you, I would sue. (Also notable: When I began to search “why is Libra represented by an object” the first thing to auto-fill was “why is Libra the best sign,” which, true.)

But anyway, hey! You cuties can pretty much kick back this month. Nothing’s floating in or around your aura, and your ruling planet is hanging out with Virgo, which will have a significant chilling effect on your loud-ass mental whirrings. Three cheers for a good night’s sleep!

Not to sound like your mom or your money-tracking app, but the beginning of July would be a great time to balance your budget. Jupiter’s final days of retrograde will seriously impact your impulse control. Since you already gravitate towards pretty things and warm weather can feel like an invitation for an all-new wardrobe, this is a good time to practice financial restraint — mostly because you’ll probably fail, but at least you’ll have some perriwinkle hoop earrings that you bought on sale to comfort you.

One expense the stars will encourage this month is travel. Quit eyeing that ridiculously cheap round-trip flight to Paris and grab a baguette instead! You probably can’t take it on the plane but, you know, it’ll get you in the mood.

Scorpio
My regrettable ex-boyfriend is a Scorpio which leads me to believe that you’ll be causing trouble this month, but I would say that every month, so I’ll try to put my personal biases aside for now (even though everyone has an ex who’s a Scorpio; it’s kind of your thing).

On the 10th, Jupiter will leave retrograde and that is such good news. It’s especially fortunate for you since Jupiter has been hanging out with the cluster of stars that allegedly resembles a scorpion, so you’ll probably feel a sudden wave of confidence and electricity. This is an excellent time to take risks and watch them pay off — right in front of your very eyes! Be bold with your propositions and you may just find yourself on a date around the 22nd. If romance doesn’t interest you right now, get your friends together and indulge in a heart-to-heart. Venus’ understanding, compassionate energy will be on your side.

Also, a word of caution: I said “take risks” and “be bold” but I did NOT say “act without thinking” and “be impulsive.” Jupiter’s morale boost will last for some time, so don’t rush into anything! July’s blessings will come in the form of a slow burn, so chill out as much as you can. Drive around at twilight and blast Drake, as you are wont to do. His brand new album Scorpion has 25 freaking songs which is, length-wise, basically the rapper’s version of Avengers: Infinity War, so you don’t have to worry about getting bored. Plus, there’s a track called “Emotionless” AND one called “In My Feelings,” so if this isn’t a Scorpio’s ideal soundtrack of extremes then idk what is. Bottom line, marinate with your options before hopping on a flight to Vegas and betting it all on black 15 (…just my ex? No? Okay).

Sagittarius
Alright my celestial equestrians, you can finally stop tripping over your own feet and succumbing to bottomless YouTube spirals wherein you watch “RIP Vine” compilations on a loop. Jupiter is FINALLY figuring itself out on the 10th, and as your ruling planet, it owes you a personal apology when it does.

Sagittarius is a naturally lucky sign — thanks in large part to Jupiter, the planet of luck, expansion, celebration and encouragement. Having Jupiter watch over you is like having an internal treasure map. So its retrograde was probably super frustrating for the archers of the world because it slows everything down; it causes dreams to sputter and ideas to be questioned.

The 10th, then, will be like a breath of fresh air. It will also bring a ton of financial benefits. I might even advise you to invest if I knew anything at all about investing. Jupiter’s remaining placement in Scorpio and the second house seems to suggest that you may come into some money through inheritance or insurance…..but that has the potential to seem pretty dark so let’s forget I even brought it up. If you suddenly find a wad of cash in your underwear drawer, I wouldn’t question it. July is all about infuriatingly unwavering optimism.

Capricorn
I should let you know up front that I have an inexplicable soft spot for Capricorns, so what I’m about to tell you hurts me more than it hurts you. But try to look on the bright side: A Leo (me) loves you with all her heart, and that should feel like the sun is giving you a hug!!!

Pluto is still in retrograde and it’s still trying to drag you out into its reject outer orbit. Being the planet of change and transformation, Pluto retrograde in Capricorn is a particularly tumultuous time — especially at work or within traditional family dynamics. If you’ve recently felt the urge to withdraw, you’re not alone.

Tread particularly lightly on the 12th, when Pluto picks a fight with the sun in Cancer. Both placements care deeply about the domestic sphere, but in opposition, their brief squabble will increase sensitivity and concern; you may be left feeling unmoored and insecure. Reach out to friends for support and resist the temptation to lash out at family members.

OKAY, back to the fun stuff! You didn’t think I’d leave you on that gloomy note, right? On the 14th, I’ll bet that you get a note or bouquet from a secret admirer or something. Romantic and furtive forces are afoot, colluding for your benefit. Then on the 28th, all your secret fuzzy feelings will be validated when Venus swoops in to offer you a grand gesture. Remember to be open and vulnerable and accept love with an open heart!! (And I’ll remember to sign the card on your bouquet this time!)

Aquarius
I don’t typically like to swear when I’ve been hired to produce something in a ~professional capacity~ but HOLY SHIT this is YOUR MONTH. The blood moon on the evening of the 27th and morning of the 28th will be the LONGEST LUNAR ECLIPSE IN A CENTURY and if that doesn’t make you want to swear and type in caps lock then you’re not a real Aquarius!!!!!!!!!!!!!

If you’re not in the eastern hemisphere, you won’t be able to see this astral phenomenon, but I guarantee that you’ll be able to feel it. This will probably be a day full of surprises, unexpected happenings and unconventional behavior. In other words, this is an environment where the water bearers thrive. It may also be a day of endings, but not in a sad way — if you’ve been waiting for “the right time” to let go of whatever is hurting your heart, unconsciously or otherwise, this lunar phase boasts fertile, encouraging soil.

Also, if you’ll allow me to rewind a bit, the 5th is the perfect day to tell someone to fuck off (I’ve already sworn for you once, I may as well get it out of my system now). Mercury in Leo is about to square up with Mars in Aquarius, combining the explosive powers of honesty and action. You’ll get a little riled up — but in an understandable, righteous way — and whatever you’re mad about, I think you should go with it. How often do you get to rightfully put someone in their place and justify it with a horoscope?

Pisces
Oh boy, my fishy friend, here’s the deal: You’ll be dealing with a double-whammy in the nostalgia department for a little while. Your ruling planet, Neptune, is home in Pisces and that probably feels comforting, albeit a little overwhelming — like how it might feel if your mom crashed on your sofa for a couple weeks. You may love the taste of familiar home-cooked meals from childhood, but your emotional barometer is extra sensitive.

On top of that, Neptune sailed into retrograde on June 18th (as is the theme with fickle planets this month), and you’re probably still adjusting to its effects. Before we get in any deeper, I’d like to get a few things out of the way: don’t text your ex; don’t question the decision to quit the job that you literally left months ago; don’t look at your “On This Day” memories on Facebook.

In general, don’t get lost in romanticism or reveries — particularly on the 8th, because someone from your past is going to reemerge and I can’t promise that entertaining their sweet nothings will leave you with anything except an empty bottle of wine and half-finished cheese plate. Entertaining guests isn’t always satisfying.

But you know what else is gonna experience a resurgence in July? Yes, the Mission: Impossible franchise, but MORE IMPORTANTLY, your reputation! I know that sounded like a backhanded compliment, but I promise I didn’t mean it that way. I just meant that the 24th will bring a bright moment of clarity. Whatever has been holding you back will feel suddenly more manageable, and people will notice your surge of focus, motivation and creativity.

Aries
Not to sound like a total downer, but this month won’t be a walk in the park for the rams of the world. Mars retrograde, which only happens about once every two years, is upon us for the entire month and it just won’t leave us alone!!!!!!!!

Mars’ moonwalk through the sky generally causes sluggishness and lack of motivation. If this just sounds like a regular summer slump, don’t be fooled: you may notice projects or relationships that fizzle to a finish for no reason at all. This retrograde spares no mortal but because Mars rules Aries, you will feel its effects more than the average human (but then again, you feel most things more than the average human, you fiery little wingnut. Love you!).

I’m not just here for the bad news, however! I’m here for Mars retrograde as an opportunity to scale back and reevaluate. You’ll probably feel more patient; more inclined to think things through before jumping in, horns first. Rams tend to be “Go, Diego, Go!” but under the scorching summer sun, this is the perfect time to recharge: pop on a pair of tiny sunglasses, throw on some lime green pants and head to the beach instead! You have the planets’ permission.

Taurus
I assume you are familiar with a little term that’s been making the Twitter rounds recently: Big Dick Energy. If so, I would like to applaud and apologize simultaneously. The former because, congratulations, you are plugged into internet culture! The latter because, honestly, I am not entirely convinced the former is a good thing. And also because BDE has forced me to consider the sexual magnetism of people I’ve never wanted to, from Pete Davidson to Troy Bolton’s father (although, to be fair, also some people whose sexual magnetism I think about daily, like Rihanna).

That wasn’t entirely relevant to the task at hand, I just wanted to make it known that Taurus is the sign that most obviously and commonly exudes BDE in the zodiac. Okay, back to the real news.

So on the 12th, your ruling planet Venus — which is hanging out with your fellow earth sign Virgo — will mingle with Uranus — which is currently hanging out with you, Taurus — and I know that sounds complicated but I’ve got the spicy breakdown. Things are gonna heat way the hell up, you will feel sexy and your BDE will reach its greatest and most powerful frequency (now you see why I had the acronym on my mind! It’s all coming together!!).

It’s natural to feel a little frustration on the 25th, when your desire to be seen and desire to hide will reach a maddeningly similar level. One-on-one intimacy will serve as your middle ground, an island of comfort in the midst of inner chaos. Okay, I’m making this sound more dramatic than it is. Just avoid parties and call your best friend.

Gemini
This is unrelated to your horoscope, but I was just looking at photos of Mary-Kate and Ashley and feeling resentful that their transcendent power has been overshadowed by their departure from “the grid.” I have a Gemini moon and I still feel their twin influence (twinfluence? I’ll show myself out) every single day.

As usual, since you are a chatty little star child, Mercury retrograde will hit you like a ton of meteorites (“a ton of bricks” feels too mundane for our purposes). Mercury is your ruling planet, so it sucks that it’s the planet most often working in reverse — but it’s also kinda cool because Sage the Gemini’s banger “Reverse” works for you on multiple levels at various points throughout the year. Everyone loves a playlist staple!

This retrograde starts on the 25th, which is a Monday, so try to get important work done before that. In fact, if you have any vacation days saved up, just get lost that week and we’ll touch base again in August. I think we’d all prefer to be left alone by the Geminis in our lives as they adjust to the first five days of Mercury’s pre-medieval torture.

Luckily, pre-retrograde July will treat you well. You may even be offered a job, a raise or some kind of promotion, so keep those peepers peeled for opportunities to strut your stuff (as if you don’t already).

Gemini
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GEMINI FIREFLIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fireflies was meant to rhyme with Gemini but then I realized you can read Gemini as Ge-mini, as in, GE-MINI SKIRTS! GE-MINI DOUGHNUTS! GE-MINI HORSES!

Who knows what the “ge” would be used for other than emphasis, and speaking of emphasis, let me emphasize your birthday planets!

Great month for you and your career. Any traveling you do will be like feeding that career of yours fertilizer without the whole “poop” thing, which is the unspoken elephant in the room of fertilizer. According to my mom, horse poop is great for your roses!

That’s from the horse’s butt. This is from the horse’s mouth: “If you are single, Venus’ move into jovial Leo from June 13 to July 9 is good news for you. Your best time to meet someone interesting will be during that period, on a short trip to a nearby resort. Attached couples can revive their relationship by taking quick weekend trips as well.” Sounds like a real time to be alive in a party hat, if you ask me. Be careful about joining that club where people have sex in airplane bathrooms! I do not think it’s safe (you could get flushed down the toilet), nor do I think it’s legal!

Cancer
NOT to get weird but oh god, celestial sky crabs, I am so deep into that summer state of mind that just seeing your starry crab pattern makes me drool, even if it  looks absolutely nothing like a crab. I want to gently crack your claw and suck the meat off your thumb and I don’t care who knows it! They say you should never go grocery shopping hungry but I really should never write horoscopes hungry — in the SUMMER, of all places.

Apparently your work life has been “all-consuming” (Susan’s words; promise I’m not listening in on your conversations with your bffs), “but keep pressing forward because June is still due to be a highly productive month.” You are going to be a job-place celebrity!!!

You will get to chill on the 13th, however. Isn’t it nice to foresee some deep, deep breaths? You might get so chill that you get lost, however, so keep your phone charged in case you need to use Google Maps. Susan says space out your savings, too. Sorry that we both sound like your mom right now.

If you’re serious, you just might propose on the 27th. If you’re single around the 13th (that same chill day), feel free to propose too. Venus will be on your side so you might as well also get your hair done.

“You are a tender sign, dear Cancer,” wrote Susan at the end of your summary, “and that is what is so lovable about you.” I’m going to go out on a limb here given her use of the word “tender” and say that Susan may have been hungry while writing your ‘scope too.

Leo
Hello and hi to the coolest cats in the sky. Now tell me (or show me down below) what the humidity does to your manes? I bet it looks fabulous.

“Love and relationships will be front and center of your life as you start June,” writes Suz. There was a full moon at the end of May that might have, also according to Suz, pushed you to make a decision about a romantic relationship. It’s possible that you became engaged, or! It’s possible that you decided to join uncuffing season, which means you’re primed and ready for a summer adventure. Either way, you’re headed on the right path to get whatever it is that you want in love, even if you don’t know yet.

If you’re looking for a new apartment, look no further than Jupiter. You can’t move there, but this super cool planet’s going to help you find a room with a view and doesn’t charge any of those ridiculous finders fees, either.

The new moon on the 13th is great for traveling, and your social life is going to get more and more robust, as they say when they’re being dramatic and calling themselves “they.” Your career is also on the rise. I know it’s not your birthday yet and that’s killing you but man oh man are you having the best June ever or WHAT!

Virgo
Hi Virgos who can and can’t drive! I promise that by the time your month rolls around I’ll come up with a new salutation.

From Suz: “If you are eager to get ahead in your career, you must pay attention to June. You will get opportunities, but in each case you will need to examine the details, as you will be dealing within an environment of smoke and mirrors, and it will be up to you to separate truth from fiction. Who better to do that than an eagle-eyed Virgo?” OO!

So there’s that vague yet helpful tidbit. What you need to know surrounding it: dot your i’s, cross your t’s (but also cross your eyes because it’s picture season and dot your tees because polka dots are still “in” thanks to the 2018’s 1980s). Susan also thinks you should pace yourself. It’s going to be a head-down, get-things-done kind of month, but man are you going to produce some real gems — gems that you can stick in your portfolio and show the world that you invented jar-less mayonnaise, just when the world really needed it most, goddammit.

Toward the end of the month, you’re going to have to make a big decision about your significant other. Don’t let this freak you out! Anyone in a relationship knows that sometimes the most monumental decisions you have to make together often involves “What should we eat?” and “What should we watch tonight?”

If you’re single, have a Pringle and enjoy the hell out of the summer sun!

Libra
I’m LIBRA-ing, on a jet plane! Don’t know when I’ll be back again. Or something something never let you goooo.

How’s your June going, speaking of going? Also in terms of going places, I REALLY appreciate the ad for rock climbing/hiking shoes on Susan Miller’s website? Let me know if you see it or not — I might just be getting targeted, which is so flattering! This ad company things I’m a hiker? It must be because I’m currently eating some granola I just found in a desk drawer after a Cancer told me to stop dipping her thumb in tartar sauce.

“This should be a very sunny month for you on many levels,” writes Suz, “from career, creativity and job opportunities, and home-related developments, to romance, new love, and time with children. In fact, you may possibly hear of the appearance of a new baby in the family, bringing joy to one and all. June is your month, dear Libra, so drink it in and enjoy it to the fullest.” Would you like a non-plastic straw with that good news beverage? Do you even want me to tell you anything else??

How about dates? The first two weeks are primed for career progress. Meanwhile, June 1st (whoops!), 2nd (sorry!) and 22nd (there we go!) are ideal for capital L-O-V-E.

And just know that if you feel like you’re changing your mind a lot in the lovey dove-y department, that’s okay! Go slow and be kind with yourself. It’s the summer. I feel like “it’s the summer” is going to be my excuse for everything for the next three months and so far it’s working, so feel free to join me.

Scorpio
Hello you beautiful bejeweled brooch of a creature! Since you’re here with your stinger and your butt and your pinch-y claws (don’t worry, I do not want to eat those, but that’s just because I’m full on Cancer’s crab meat, thank you very much), you probably want to know what the month has in the astrology store for you!

WELL I WILL TELL YOU BUT I AM NOT HAPPY ABOUT IT BECAUSE I JUST GOT HOME AND LEARNED THAT MY STASH OF “HEALTHY” PEANUT BUTTER CUPS IS GONE.

I AM THE CULPRIT.

IT WAS A SLOW BURN.

Focusing on June because this isn’t about me, it’s about you: There’s some boring stuff in there about how you’re going to get your finances in order at the beginning of June. Good for you! (Truly. That’s not boring, that’s smart. Almost accidentally wrote “adulting” but I can’t be blamed for that; blame social media and balance the shit out of that checkbook.)

Travel is in your sign this month so even if your boss said no to vacation time because you’ve gone over the limit, be like, “But my horoscope said.” Works like a charm bracelet.

Susan seems to think you’re getting married in June — literally or metaphorically (as in, married to your career, to a big new apartment, to a business idea, etc). Either way, around the 27th, you’re golden.

Sagittarius
Sagi-double-dot-your-eyes-and-cross-your-t’s, I talked so much about horses in Gemini’s blerg that I half-expected to see you pop out of the celestial woodwork. And yet you didn’t! Which leads me to believe you must be busy. Susan Miller sure must have been given that your summary alone was three pages. Speaking of good things that come in threes:

Threesome time! “As you enter June” (writes Suz), there will be “a rare golden triangle including your ruler Jupiter on one side, Venus on another, and Neptune as the third point of the triangle and together they will create a vibration of great harmony and beauty. This rare cooperation of three important planets will buoy your spirits and make you optimistic – and rightly so. You have much to be to look forward to in life.” Isn’t that nice? What does that mean, though? Truly, specifically, I don’t know, but the general gist I got about your ‘scope this month was that everything, from work to love to friendship to creativity — especially creativity, is coming up roses.

But to keep the clichés going: it’s not without some pedal to the medal. June’s the time to make some serious decisions. Not to be vague but YOU KNOW what I’m talking about. Toward the 22nd, an assignment is going to bring in a whole lotta money. And if you put in the effort now — toward anything, I guess, by the end of June, you’re going to feel “in sync with the universe.”

Capricorn
Hi Capricorn, feta and watermelon salad! Don’t you look delicious? You do too, Capricorn on the cob with butter melting off. OH I love butter. I’m so hungry. Like I said earlier, writing horoscopes hungry is worse than going to the grocery store hungry, but not as bad as the last time I wrote horoscopes, when the O of my laptop wasn’t working and when I brought my computer to the store the Genius Bar Guy was like, “Yeah, this laptop is fucked.” He didn’t use profanities and actually he was quite lovely but it was sad — it’s been sad! — because I’ve had the same computer since I think 2009. Am I still talking? Are you still reading? What the hell is going on with your horoscope?!

Let’s focus on the answer: You’ve got a big decision coming up on the 27th. It might be tough, but Susan says if you can remain practical, objective and unemotional, you’ll be solid. (That sounds hard as heck, but you’ve got those horns to keep you centered. I think you’ll be excellent at this. Besides, you’ve got Uranus and Jupiter on your side, rooting in your corner, massaging your shoulders, cheering you on and feeding you Gatorade.)

“When you have Saturn on the Sun, as you do now, in a once in 29-year cycle, you get to choose your challenge.” Susan Miller said this and I think it was related to the above, can’t totally remember, but man does it sound like something I want stitched on a pillow.

If work has felt slow in the un-fun way, that will change after the 13th. While things are quiet, use the rare moment to hang out with your friends. Jupiter’s in your house of bffs, which means whatever you two or ten decide to do together will be what we in the stars business call “magic.”

Aquarius
Cute Susan intro to June for ya here, I’m just gonna copy/paste it and drop it before we get into the goods: “The little cherubs flying around you are working to make sure you enjoy June very much.” Okay! And aw!

You’ve got Mars in your sign until November 15th this month and it’s making you a brave ass aqua bear. Even still, try to get all your work-work done before June 26th so that you can enjoy your July 4th vacation you have planned. (What are you doing??)

The 19th will be a really successful day, so if you can save a presentation or a phone call until this point, do it. I have a question for you about hair conditioner, by the way, which is whether or not you think I can use a hair mask in lieu of conditioner, because I’m totally out of condish and keep forgetting to buy it, but I’ve GOT TO wash my hair tonight. I can feel it getting heavier and heavier.

If you’re looking for a job, revisit people who you trust from your past to give them a whisper that you’re looking.

What else? The new moon in Gemini — June 13th — will be key for your romantic ambitions. In fact, why not just let Susan close us out the way she let us in: With a quote, of course! “The new moon in Gemini on June 13 will be the first and most important one this year, helping you to generate new love if you are single, and for adding spice to your relationship if you are attached. The Sun and new moon will light your house of true love. This is the first and strongest vibration you’ve had to enliven your love life this year.” Damnit! I’m all prepared to move on to Pisces but feel like that could have been a great vibrator joke!

Pisces
Hi rainbow fish! The person sitting next to me is watching a booooooring movie about airplanes but I guess it serves me right for writing at 10 p.m. When you write at 10 p.m., you rescind the rights to your stupid tiny remote control that always gets lost between the couch cushions. The only good thing about any of this is that I get to listen to the steady clip of Mid-Atlantic Accents.

What to know about June? Ho ho! “You will have time to have fun in the first week,” writes Susan, so breeze through this fast and get the hell outside!!! This mandated party is thanks to the threesome Venus, Neptune and Jupiter are having, creating what Susan calls “an outstandingly festive vibration.”

This vibration is gonna buzz whether you stay home and make a big decision or choose to travel and see what unfolds (watch TSA, though — maybe take out the batteries).

Mars is going to retrograde from June 25th to August 27th, so if you have any grand plans set between those dates, see if you can organize them so that they’re wrapped by the 24th. But don’t get weird about it. Sometimes planets don’t know shit. (Don’t tell them I said that.)

Where they DO know shit, definitely, is in your love life: Venus will be in your fifth house of true love until June 13th, according to Suz, so it’s gonna be a reallllllll romantic time. Eat it up. Here’s a spoon. Or a salad fork! Whatever your preference.

Aries
Fresh Aries! Man oh man is it good to see you. June’s gonna rule. Susan Miller guarantees it. The first two days were intended to be super romantic. Were they? I’d love to gossip about that with you.

If you need to travel, write, give a speech or sign a contract, June 19th is the day to do it. (Info once again c/o Susan.)

You know what you’re going to do a lot of this month? Nest. You’re going to move into an apartment, decorate the one you have, hunt for rugs, finally hang up pictures, clean out your closets, yada yada. How are you getting all the money for this decor stuff? Well, once again, allow me to be but a messenger:

“Abundant money appears to be flowing in, so concern about your monthly budget is not likely to constrain your plans – in fact, you may have enough saved up to buy a house, apartment, or summer cottage.”

You’ll be very popular this month. Maybe you’ll wear a sash! Enjoy the fun and soak it up. Not that the party has to end, but toward the end of the month, by the 27th, you’ll go into full career mode. “Early June and late September will your best time to make key moves in business, and in your personal life, too,” writes Susan. Can’t wait to CEO-ya on the beach near your new cottage in our matching sun hats!

Taurus
Sh, sh, sweet baby sky cows, I know it’s sad that our birthday month is over. Did everyone have a great time celebrating? I sure as heck and hearth (my new home decor company) did.

Here’s something I have never seen: Susan Miller called Uranus “the planet of lightning bolt change,” and while that does nothing except make me think of Sweet Home Alabama, she says it means that we’re about to experience “major shifts” in our everyday lives. The Butts Planet hasn’t been in our home since 1942! What if it doesn’t even recognize us?

What to expect during these wild times: potential moves, potential grooves, career changes, new homes. Susan says we’ll be successful this month but does liken us to bulls in china shops, which I would resent if it weren’t for the fact that I actually do not like to go into glassware stores because I suddenly lose control of my limbs and forget how to interact with gravity.

We’re going to be focused on money management during this time, getting stuff done before the 26th like everyone else (Mars is in retrograde), and, when it comes to love, though Susan doesn’t fully recommend starting anything new, she’s also not your mama. She is, however, a fan of the bulls, and with that, she wants us to treat ourselves to a massage on the weekend of June 9th.

Taurus
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO US, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO US, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO US CELESTIAL SKY COWS, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO US!

I know it’s cool to hate “the birthday song” at restaurants but I kind of love it. When else — besides at the Hard Rock Cafe, where I spent my 16th birthday and stood on top of a table to dance after too much sugar — is it acceptable to burst spontaneously into song and essentially light things on fire and cause a scene (all without getting thrown out)?

Speaking of causing a scene! This just in from Susan: “This will be a major month for you, dear Taurus, for Uranus, the planet of change, individuality, creativity, rebellion, disruption, and innovation, will move into Taurus for the first time since 1934 for a very long visit. This means this influence will be new for you.”

How ironic, or how perfect: All I do in these horoscope recaps is shit-talk the planet of butts, and yet here it is, coming into our sign — a less than once in a lifetime opportunity because it doesn’t necessarily happen to everyone — to make our lives better/more interesting/more creative. Uranus is going to open up a lot of doors that we didn’t even know existed.

Shorter term, the new moon of the 15th will affect us positively too (we’ll exit toxic situations) and then Mars in Aquarius will breathe new life into our careers (but we can’t just sit there! Get after it, as that annoying guy you know says). It’s a great month for love, and to be betrothed. Don’t forget you can marry yourself! That way you can merge your bday cake and your wedding cake into one!

Gemini
SNAP INTO A SLIM-GEM! I just thought of that, you can thank me or reprimand me later. That wasn’t meant to sound so kinky but choose your own adventure, I suppose.

Speaking of kink! Uranus is going to enter everyone’s life in a major way this month, and Uranus, as you know, is full of “sudden surprises and impulsive actions and unexpected news,” so if you’ve been feeling like everything has been the same for so long, GET READY TO FEEL OTHERWISE, CHRISTIAN GREY.

If you’re writing a book or a play (or you want to) the new moon on the 15th will fuel your creativity. Everything is going to look like copy to you, or like a song, or like a movie. Please don’t miss your stop on the subway because of this, but if you do, anyone who’s accidentally gone to Queens instead of Wall Street knows that this adventure can be a total delight AND further fuel your writing. Unless you’re late for a meeting in which case, I feel you and that’s stressful. I’m projecting though because Susan said nothing about being late! But she did say May will be a romantic month, especially if you want to go to Wyoming and meet a hot cowperson and be around horses. Swear to god she said that, in more words or less.

Cancer
If April felt like it sucked (it kinda…did…didn’t it??) MAY WILL BE THE OPPOSITE! Take THAT, calendar makers who always make April something adorable, like baby ducks in yellow rain boots, versus May, which always features like, a tree. Not that trees aren’t cool but it’s hard to compare, calendar-wise, a tree to a chick in wellies.

May’s going to be super romantic for you, especially this coming weekend. Unrelated to romance — or very related, depending on what you’re into — Uranus is “showering” you with “sparkling aspects” that Susan calls “deliciously social.”

Life will really feel like it’s taking on a new tune for you (in a great way) around May 15th. There’s a new moon when Uranus kicks into high gear. Two bad it’s not a full moon, otherwise I could have a made a two-butts-for-the-price-of-one joke.

I think you’re going to get rich on the 29th!

Leo
Kittens! Inspired by kittens!

You know what’s messed up? The way my “CYCLE” runs, I get fork-stabby-in-my-ovary-cramps every single time I write horoscopes, depending on how late in the month we’re running, and I have them terribly while writing yours. That should make this an adventure! It’s like EXTREME WRITING. It’s like Gordon Ramsey for periods and horoscopes! What would that show even be called? Taking suggestions in the comments below.

SUSAN THINKS you might be moving!!! Good thing Haley — fellow Leo — found all those decorating tips for you.

You’ll feel extra creative this month, and you’ll get famous as a result on the 15th (even if it’s just office famous, or your-boss-loves-you famous — either way you’ll feel like a real Molly Shannon superstar). On the 25th you might even sell some of your work.

The 29th is your day for love, although considering that we’re heading into summer, I’d say you’ve got a whole season of makeouts and whatnots ahead of you. You know my favorite life motto: Have fun, be safe! And don’t forget that whoever you bump lion butts with should treat you like the king/queen/and all sorts of royalty in-between of the jungle that you are!

Virgo
Full disclosure, I date a Virgo, so your ‘scopes are definitely now swayed in a way that some might consider unethical in the world of journalism, but with Susan and the stars as my main source, how can I go wrong, really?

May will be an exceptionally romantic month (!) where you and you and your main squeeze are likely to get away from the 25th to the 27th. DO NOT FORGET that “main squeeze” can also mean your bff or your favorite book.

Bffs rule, especially when you forget a song and hate using Google so you call them instead, but if you’re looking for love — or perhaps a simple summer fling? I can’t believe I forgot to announce the official commencement of uncuffing-season: a super fun time of year, except for the Virgo I date, I suppose — then take joy in knowing you’ll find it and you won’t even have to look under any wormy rocks! (No offense, February, but don’t think I don’t remember that shit.) And I’m just going to add this casual line in here there from Susan: “devote yourself to love sweet love.” Take it or leave it. I’m going to Target!

You’ll feel particularly intellectual on the 15th, and everyone important to your career will love you. Your career is on a skyrocket whiz-bam-boom UP into the ether! Avoid signing agreements on the 13th, but otherwise, sounds like a party month to me!

Libra
Libra Libra bo bibra banana nana no nibra me mi mo meebra, libra! I forget how to do that song but hi how are you how’s your day going let’s talk horoscope and for heaven’s sake maybe I won’t make the next seven so damn long!

I know you want to travel and you’re feeling itchy to get away. You will in June, for now, enjoy the time at home to regroup for summer and watch as the CA$H FLOW STARTS POURING IN. Per Susan, the money influx is looking as though you might suddenly find out you’re the Princess of Genovia, minus the antiquated-beauty-standards makeover montage (although I do love a makeover montage so have one at your leisure that feels good for you).

Mars in Aquarius on the 16th means an influx of fun and friends and dancing and laughing. If you’re finding yourself arguing a bit with your S.O., Susan Miller suggests couples therapy, and so does MR contributor Meghan Nesmith. In fact, she loves it.

Venus will enter your “professional reputation sector” on May 19th, so that sounds to me like an office party (to celebrate all your achievements, obviously!) if I’ve ever seen one. Can’t wait to see all that you achieve, honey bee. Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz!

Scorpio
Sting Butt! Let me start off this spring ‘scope with the kind of Susan Miller quote that people probably expect to read when they take the time to check out what the stars have in store for them, rather than my old blatherings:

“As a Scorpio, you tend to like to do things by yourself and not involve others. You like having full control, but sometimes, like this month, you might want to consider teaming up with a person that can add a needed element of expertise to your life. This may be for business, but you also will have the urge to merge in love – by getting engaged or married.”

Okay! Back to the blatherings! Except this is all kind of related: On the 15th, you’ll grow closer to a partner (professional or bed-wise). It also seems you’re about to partake in moving season: Mars will help you, but because it goes retrograde in June (the 26th through August 27th) try if you can to wrap your shit up now.

Finally, May 25th is an ideal day for love. To find it, nourish it, cherish it, roll around in it. Eyes open and arms out wide. I’m hungry! Are you??

Sagittarius
Hello divine equines! Don’t forget to polish your hooves so that they’re shiny for summer’s arrival. In other non-horse related news (why, though) embrace the fact that the start of the month, you’re going to feel nest-y and like you’d rather keep to yourself than be social. This is totally okay, and also a great time because I feel like there’s good stuff out on Netflix right now to catch up on. (This will also be a good time to save up some money if you feel like you’ve been especially spend-y.)

I have to pee.

You, meanwhile, will feel ESPECIALLY creative this year, and you can thank Jupiter and Neptune getting along nicely for that!

On the 15th (a new moon, tell your friends), will bring “news of a new assignment,” which sounds annoying because everyone’s to-do list might as well be called a Too-Long-To-Do-List, Thanks, but it’s not because this new assignment will mean a lot of money. Hurray! Oh but please do read the fine print slowly and carefully.

Travel, travel, travel (Susan is always trying to get people out of town, no matter the sign. I swear she’s a rogue house party thrower or something), and on May 19th — ooo! Love’s on the horizon: Venus will “glide through your seventh house of commitment from the start of the month until May 19th.” How’s that for a fantastic lube PSA?

Capricorn
Hey Caprese-salad-corns! Susan Thriller says you’ve got the spotlight on you this month. She also says that the world may feel like it’s turning too quickly right now. She promises you can handle this, even if that Simon & Garfunkel song “Feeling Groovy” just told you to slow down because you move too fast.

I had to sing that song in some chorus I was in forever ago and it gets stuck in my brain all the time.

Susan also says that life has felt a little rocky and serious lately. Well MAY (my birthday month, FYI) will bring you — or hopefully already is bringing you — “lots of reasons to enjoy life.”

May 15th will be a hyper-romantic day, whether you’re single as an errant chin hair or as wrapped up in another human as an ingrown.

The rest of May stays romantic, especially the 25th when Jupiter and Neptune hook up. It might be a nice time to travel but also, to paint those nudes you’ve been meaning to do.

^As for those nudes, you can thank Uranus moving into Taurus (we in the Taurian committee are very thrilled and honored to host) for upping your creativity. Can’t wait to see what you paint, literally AND metaphorically!

Aquarius
Hello you beautiful celestial swimming pools of brilliance! (Feel free to use that description in your Instagram or Tinder bio.) Your focus this month will center around the home, so maybe you’re moving. Do tell all the details.

Uranus’s move to Taurus will influence all the signs in a major way. For you, this may involve some kind of move. Try to be flexible because this Uranus situation is a good thing. Remember, the Planet of Butts is also the planet of surprises!

This month is a good time to be productive (sorry if that’s boring) because the summer’s going to get a little sticky what with the planets going on various vacations and everyone being too hot (not that I’m complaining after our long and longer winter). Some things to keep you motivated: Your career is excelling and you as a professional human are sitting astride a shooting star.

And after that, honestly, Susan just repeated more of the same thing! Oh but try to throw a party or take a vacation at the end of May! Yay!

Pisces
Hi sweetie sweet sweet goldfish! Uranus, who “played havoc with your finances for seven years” (when butt stuff goes awry), is finally OUT of your sign. You will feel instant relief, per Susan Thriller. And I get it. You must have felt financially constipated given all of the clues I’m drawing from Suz!

Well. Get ready for your money to steady, if not rise, and get even MORE ready for your creativity and communication skills to shoot up so high that the moon’s like, “Hey watch it down there!” But then the moon will smile in a good-natured manner because honestly, she gets it. (That said, this is why we don’t play with rubber bands indoors or near eyes, okay?)

May 15th might be a good time to seek a scholarship for continued education or something in line with that theme. (You know all of these horoscopes are amenable to your reality.)

Now here’s something I am really excited to talk about even though I just weirdly put an apple I wasn’t done eating in my mug of coffee (to hold it) but turns out I still had coffee in there — way to kill two birds you very much wanted alive with one stone, Amelia: The weekend of the 25th to the 28th is an excellent time for LOVE!!!!!!!!! Love in the romantic sense, and love in the creative sense, plus, Susan Miller gives you free rein to go shopping thanks to Venus!

Bartender! Please! Three cheers, three beers, and a Fuzzy Nipple while you’re at it!

Aries
I’ll tell you what I just saw, Aries: two pigeons engaging in the act of foreplay. It was troublesome, even though I know all things deserve to have and make love, so please just know that I will be working through that while I type this out. I also really, really need to Google “how do birds have sex” and “bird penis,” which I have done before! I just can’t keep it in my mind apparently (there’s probably a protective psychological reason for that?) but, big caveat, I’m borrowing Elizabeth Tamkin’s computer because I needed to work remotely and my work computer is a desktop and if you read the intro then you know that the “O” key of my home computer doesn’t work!!! But anyway I can’t just go searching for bird peens on a colleague’s computer.

So here we are: THIS MAY, your finances are on the rise, but (!), the “heavy emphasis on your career will become less important to you once you reach May 15th. “You’ll turn your focus to friendship, largely.” Interesting. Sounds like a work-life balance situation to me. (But also if you’re like whoa whoa hey hey I need to focus on my career, Susan later brings up networking, so maybe you’re focused on your career still, but you’re re-centering your focus on networking so that you can make your next move — make sense? Does anything I ever write in these horoscopes make sense? I have to wash my hair or else!)

The rest of May, especially the 23rd, will be a great time to travel. Going anywhere special for Memorial Day? Do tell me about it. As for love, you know how people get when the temperature rises: all dough-y eyed and looking for someone to makeout with. They don’t call it Spring Fever for nothing!

Pisces
*Gives what is supposed to be an inconspicuous thumbs-up to the waiter even though everyone at the table just saw it and turned around to see.*

HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU, HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR PISCES, WHOSE BIRTHDAY MONTH GOT OVERLOOKED LAST MONTH DUE TO MY HUMAN ERROR, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!

Squishy fishy, let’s dive right into the deep end with our rain boots on, shall we?

Money will feel annoying this month, and you can blame Mercury retrograde on it. Then you can exhale an underwater bubble of relief knowing that Mercury goes direct on the 15th.

“Publishing and broadcasting opportunities (including internet),” per Suz, will bound into your living room beginning on the 18th. If you’ve been feeling like your creativity is also retrograde lately, it, too, will go direct around this time and flood your brain with new ideas. As for love, RIGHT NOW IS THE TIME!!! You’re a regular swimming one-woman cupid magnet from now until the 24th. Pucker up those lips! Oh right, they already are. You’re a celestial fish!

Aries
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ARIES!!!!!!!!! Here’s a video that will either give you nightmares or make your day. Hoping it’s the latter, whether or not you’re a horse-person-Aries like my dear friend Yennie (thus making you a celestial ram who’s a horse fan, which is so fun to think about). But TBD until tonight, I guess! Or tomorrow morning, depending on when ya wake up:


Now the real gift: your ‘scope! Your career is “blossoming beautifully,” per Suzatron, and like a book that you’re making float via telekenesis, Susan wants you to maintain eye contact even if it’s already in the air.

Think methodically and act cautiously this month, at least until Mercury’s out of retrograde on the 15th. Around this same date, the limelight is going to shine down on your stage. Step into it.

The end of the month is your romantic season kickoff, so gather the team ’round and make sure everyone knows their roles: Is your wing woman at the ready? Is your significant other adequately prepped with lubricating oils? I’m not sure what else is on your “fun and romance” list, reader’s choice here, but I just want to make sure you’re prepared. Don’t forget the cherry on top! (It’s for the romance — and your birthday sundae.)

Taurus
If you, like me, are a Taurus, now would be a great time to cut the crap and put down the last three bites of that elephant-forearm-sized Reese’s “Reester Bunny” from your Easter basket and save room for next month’s birthday cake, because we Tauri celebrate birthday month (unconfirmed sweeping generalization I made based on myself) and we can’t go into it with a sugar hangover!

Love is electric this month, so don’t go overboard, warns Suz; I wonder if that’s been the cause of my zapping every human being this winter? As we sky bulls get the itch to travel, we should also be aware that until Mercury GTFOs of the Retrograde Resort and Spa, we have to be hyper-careful to over-communicate and read between lines.

Commitments in love and business will be made toward the end of the month. April 7th, 12th, 17th and 24th, however, are the best days to pass your number along with your compliments to the chef.

Huh! Before you go, I wonder if Susan Miller reads MR: “It’s also a good time to address…any habit you’d like to change and be free of from now on.”

Gemini
GEMIN-HI how ya doin? Great! You’re spending the first half of the month getting organized, which doesn’t sound too bad. In fact, it sounds an awful lot like a great habit that I’d love to rub off on me by way of osmosis.

Your bank account, health and seat will get a boost this month. LMK what it’s like to be able to see over the person in front of you at the movie theater!

Here’s a fun one Suz hasn’t said in a while: If you’ve been thinking about making friends, April 15th is a great date to join a club, start volunteering (Suz’s suggestion that I second!), take up a hobby or walk up to someone and ask who their favorite character is from The Breakfast Club. 

At the end of the month, you’ll start to turn your mingling practice to that of the romantic variety. Maybe you and your new friends will go out and meet some more new friends. You can call it what you want to, but my favorite way to describe such a gathering is a party!

Cancer
Hey pinchey butt! Suz says you’re looking for a new place to live right now. Let me know how the nesting goes, and if you need any apartment inspiration, here you are. Susan thinks a partner may get a little cranky during this time, and we can probably all just agree to blame Mercury, BUT that doesn’t mean defeat: Hear your person out. Over-communicating during Mercury in retrograde helps.

On the 15th, you’ll get famous at work for your good work, not your unique photocopying skills (ahem). With Venus in Taurus until the 24th, you’ll be meeting people and lucky in love. If you’re innuendo-minded like I am, you may have read that sentence like, “Venus IN Taurus,” and then you may have thought “until the 24th?” and as such, you may still be reeling; that’s a long time for a single act of copulation! Still, I wouldn’t compare your sex life to that of the planets. Their concept of time is different than ours.

Also, though this word is always a combination of its literal meaning and a potential business metaphor, you may get married! I’ll throw the rice at you — the kind that doesn’t hurt birds’ bellies.

Leo
Hey kitten! Susan says it’s “time to expand your horizons and leave town.” Don’t think she’s kicking you out, of course, I just think she’s thinking there’s more waiting for you outside your front door. (And “leave town” can be metaphorical, of course.)

Work may be a little tricky this month due to lack-of-staff issues, but it will only make you stronger. You’ll get through it. And don’t forget: Mercury’s in retrograde, so over-communicate!

Everything swings into gear after the 15th: work, back-to-school-plans (dealer’s choice), home repairs, presentations for a project you’ve been working on, a new apartment.

And at the end of the month, a little baby bud will begin to open that promises May is a month of LOVE. You just wait.

Meow!

Virgo
Boring stuff first, Virgo-gurt with Manuka honey on top, then the fun: The first half of April is (no shit because of tax season, I suppose) about getting your finances in order. There’s a low chance of getting hit with a bill you forgot about (those shoes that just shipped, maybe) and a high chance you get hit with a fresh burst of money wind out of nowhere. Let’s assume it will be the latter. And if you do receive some “unpredictable news” of the non-“YOU JUST WON THE LOTTERY” variety, Susan says it will be the last of the financial surprises. “You are well on your way to a new life, dear Virgo.” She wrote that and I just retyped it!

Your communication-based creativity will bubble up around the 24th. Thank Venus for that, as she’s on vacation in Taurus. Also because of that, April will be a very nice month INDEED for love — April 10th especially, but again on the 12th and 23rd. I know, you and I both miss Uranus jokes. But the planet of butts will be back soon. Until then, let’s enjoy this lovely ride, shall we?

I am always writing “shall” in horoscopes! It overcomes me.

You’re due for a trip the last weekend of April. See if you can play hooky and extend the weekend by a day on the 29th. The planets will be on your side. See if they can stay on your team for intramural volleyball season!

Libra
You’ll be Libra-ing on your diplomatic skills this month, according to Suz (pun mine) (if the pun doesn’t make sense, that’s meant to be you’ll be leaning on your diplomatic skills this month), as a few disagreements — nothing big! — may “greet you” (go the fuck away!) (also I forgot how to spell greet — it looks so wrong, I just had to Google-search it to be sure and still, not so sure) at the front door. Don’t let this worry you; simply go slow, remember we’re still in a retrograde, and talk it out. Over-communicating will save your sanity right now, even though it’s so annoying to repeat yourself.

On the 15th, post-retrograde, it’s looking like you’re zoomed up to enter some sort of partnership commitment with a certain someone special in your life. The 23rd, meanwhile, is a prime time to sign a contract.

NO WORRIES IF YOU’RE FALLING ASLEEP. I AM TOO, SO LET’S TALK PARTYING AND LOVE: From the 24th until May 19th, you’re going to have a Month of You. Humans of all sorts will flock to woo you, befriend you, dance with you, stand on top of heads with you. Enjoy it. Wear a crown, throw a shindig and eat tacos for breakfast!

Scorpio
Scorpio, when I started this horoscope fiesta, the rain was pouring. And now, the sun is shining. If that isn’t a reminder to look on the bright side even when your butt hurts from sitting too much, then I don’t know what is. April sounds just a bit annoying for most other signs, but Susan thinks you’ll have a really nice time. “You will have enough planets in the perfect position to help you, sometimes in the eleventh hour.” (My hour of choice, personally. Nice ‘n’ stressful.)

She does, however, think you should consider taking a break soon. Can you? Easier said than done, but maybe you can shake it like a lamb’s tail for your sanity. Move slowly at the start of this month, too. Says Suz, “Don’t let anyone rush you.”

You may be sent down a new and exciting career path on the 15th, so just keep your eyes up for that fun. Before that, the 12th, you have a real sparkler of a romantic night in store. And on the 29th, something you’ve been working on forever will come to fruition. Maybe it will be, in fact, fruit-related, in which case for ONCE that word can take on its own too-good-to-be-true-but-when-does-it-happen pun.

Sagittarius
Alright half-horses, four-hooved friends, part equines, part who’s-gonna-tell-me-what-we’re-having-for-dinner: Susan’s being a little vague here, but sounds like an event in March has left you feeling a bit more strapped for cash than normal. But that’s okay! You’ll get through it. Money doesn’t grow on trees, but hay makes for a great lunch and a bale to sit on, so to speak/neigh. You’ll be able to Venmo everyone back soon enough.

Also, here’s something: “If you feel that you are spending too much time backtracking to fix present projects that you assumed were done, blame Mercury in retrograde.” By the second half of April, you’ll feel like you’re moving forward again.

You know what else is happening the second half of April? Your creativity. Through the damn roof! Your work will bring in the money, and the money will bring in the Manuka honey, literally or metaphorically depending on how you take your tea/what you care to use as a face mask.

Capricorn
Hi, celestial mermaid goat beauty pal! Seems like you got offered — or will be offered — a new job or promotion, which is amazing given the responsibility and all that you’ve been seeking to sink your brand-new teeth into (do celestial mermaid goats like paper as much as land goats do?), but you may be unsure as to whether or not it’s the right path for you. Susan Miller wants you to take your time!!!

By April 15th, after the retrograde, you’ll know. Sort of like you know when you need to stop on a long drive versus when you can hold it. Isn’t the human/goat-mermaid body magic?

The moon on April 15th will shine light on your home and family, which may help you make the decision. Meanwhile, ROMANCE and a wonderful accidental double-entendre of a sentence! “Romance will be special while Venus glides through Taurus, from April 1 to April 24. Certain days stand out: April 7, 10, and 12, when you will be covered with sparkling star dust.” Even if this made no sense, I think I’m gonna end it there. What better note to conclude a ‘scope on? Lube, sparkle dust, love?? It’s all sorts of perfect, if you ask me.

Aquarius
CAN YOU EVEN BELIEVE THE SUN IS SHINING AS I WRITE THIS? Sure hope it’s beaming as you read it, and if it’s not, never fear: Here’s how to look cool in rain boots, and here are a few outfit ideas to try that aren’t jeans and a sweater. Normally, I wrap these ‘scopes at 3 a.m. so for me, the fact that I can see daylight at all is a big old whammy. Let’s focus so we can all go out and jump in puddles.

“Changes are afoot in your life,” Full Throttle Susan (that’s a new one!) tells me/us/you, really. Susan seems to think, by way of her hints, that this change is positive and job-related. She spews two pieces of oddly specific advice, so I feel like I better copy/paste them both:

“Be careful about what you post on all your social media venues, because as you go through your various interviews, you will be judged by prospective employers by all that you write.”

And one I’ve never heard: “Have a friend call to pretend you are applying for a job at your friend’s company to find out what your references are saying about you.”

Use your best judgment. Nothing like a string-cheesed-together series of thoughts for a blurb that’s intended to dictate the course of your month, eh? What else? You’ll be one of Venus’ favorites come the end of April. Yes, that means the season of love is coming. Be patient until May; for now, let’s go for a walk outside, regardless of the weather!

Aries
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAGICAL (F)ARIES! I hope a thousand sprinkles and sugar balls tumbled out of your cake the moment you cut it, like they do from those viral Flour Shop ones, and I hope you caught it in time for social media documentation.

A recap of the last nine days: Thanks to the full moon, you probably finished a major project that resulted in great success. An annoying health-related matter likely came to a happy end. You may have received some cash. (God bless the grandparents who still include “walking around money” in birthday cards.) You also may have been invited to a party!

What to expect for the rest of the month: the need for a nap — and after March 17th, you’ll be able to get some rest; a serious career growth spurt is set to last until May 15th (“the coming weeks will be the most important of 2018 for career growth and progress,” per Susan, so make sure you act fast on the open positions you want); and finally, a hot-n-heavy (sorry) love life. Did “hot-n-heavy” make you think of Hot Pockets? Just wondering, also just wondering if you’ve had one lately and if they were under/overrated? They seem like a fast snack so why not, honestly.

Taurus
Welcome to March or should I say, “Mooarch,” in Taurus-talk. Mooarch is going to be our favorite time of 2018, fellow bull-human-jelly-beans.

A recap of the last nine days: We had “wonderful developments to our emotional lives” thanks to the new moon (good lord, thank you), a romantic March 3rd and 4th weekend — kindly tell me all about it down in the equally romantic comments section, and one or more of you may have proposed to someone. I did not because I am trying to play it cool!!!

What to expect for the rest of the month: a moment of, “Oh shit, I’m spending money like I’m drunk at a bar and in a good mood, as in ‘SHOTS ON ME, PARTY FREAKS,’ only my bank account just told me I’m grounded”; a financial chill-out in response, probably around the 17th; a chance to travel (take it if you can); new romance around the 28th (if you’re not single, maybe just a lot of “REKINDLING THE FIRE” wink-wink-have-fun-be-safe); and on March 30th, thanks to Venus, an absolutely prime opportunity if not excuse to get our hair done and do a little or a lotta shopping.

Gemini
Hi Geminini in a Bottle, Baby! I’m on a plane and the person next to me is snoring. Thought you’d like to know that detail about me.

A recap of the last nine days: You had a “joyous family event” at the start of the month (family barbecue or an aunt’s 90th birthday as celebrated on a cruise, perhaps?); you may have moved; you’ve hopefully been very happy.

Susan keeps saying that everyone is happy this month which makes me happy and I hope it’s true because if there’s one movie character in the history of the WORLD who’s me, it’s that woman who doesn’t even go here in Mean Girls with the rainbow cake and…whoa. IDK if you read Aries’ intro but I just had a life-changing realization and think that Flour Shop cake might be the manifestation of the cake that Mean Girls girl wanted to bake.

You’re lucky I’m able to keep doing horoscopes after that kind of revelation but I AM!!! Snoring seatmate on a plane, remember? He’s both distracting and motivating.

What to expect for the rest of the month: the best time in 2018 for career progress; a serious relationship commitment and a finally-completed major project.

Cancer
I didn’t have one crab cake in Paris, I hope you’ll know.

A recap of the past nine days: You may have taken (or be planning) a short trip. If you’re planning a big one, however, wait until after March 17th. That’s it with the back-at-it stuff. Let’s look forward.

What to expect for the rest of this month: you’ll be “hungry for new experience and information,” so bring a toothbrush wherever you go just in case you’re chewing more than usual; romance — especially if you do plan that little bit of travel; a really exciting “media project” (sometimes Susan is vague and it’s nice to let it happen); a little home construction situation; your health or an ex driving you up a damn wall; a resolution to the last thing I just wrote that results in a “strong, nearly unbreakable union”; and who knows, you might just get back into waffles. Remember waffles???????

Leo
Susan wants you to pay attention to your finances, to which I say, “BOR-ING.” You might say “MEOW-RING” since you’re related to a cat, but if there’s one thing I was reminded of in Paris, it’s that everyone prefers you to just speak English if you’re going to accidentally give the wrong address three times in a row because you confuse the “teens” with the “twenties.”

Here’s what to expect for the rest of the month: Susan is “especially enthusiastic about your prospects to get a great deal on a mortgage or refinanced mortgage; talks of shared expenses between lovas; an opportunity to turn your creativity into a profit; a bump forward in your career reputation; romance as in romuntz-untz-untz, and romance of the TRUE LOVE variety. At the end of the month you’ll need a little nap, but you also might go to a rock concert. Susan said. I just sat here and binge-ate Meow Mix.

Virgo
The beginning of the month has been busy for you! That must be because your star sign, Virgo, collaborated with Virgil Abloh of Off-White which means you’re a celebrity now. Don’t you worry about me, I’m not really keeping track of what I’m saying.

A recap of the last nine days: you may have seen “the fullness of a desire that is deeply important to you reach fruition” (ooooo-ie!); you may have proposed; your home life may have, out of seemingly nowhere, FINALLY started to feel “lighter, easier, and more enjoyable”; and you may have started to really focus in on a project that means a lot to you.

Here’s what to expect for the rest of the month: a permanent-good mood because of Mars in Capricorn from the 17th through May 15th; an itch to redecorate your home; a positive outlook on love; a readiness to find “the one,” have a baby child, or build a business; and, on the 28th, a big fat wad of money!!!

Libra
Hey Libra, so Susan seems to think you have feathers? Do you? That’s so cool, but she seems to also think they’re dragging. Are you hibernating? That’s okay!!! We all need to take a time out on occasion, stick our beaks under our wing-pits and fluffle for a bit until we feel cozy enough to come out on someone’s outstretched index finger again.

I used to have birds growing up! Rainbow and Webster, double-RIP.

Anyway, doesn’t mean you’re totally antisocial. If you get invited to a getaway situation before the 17th, you should definitely go.

Here’s what to expect for the rest of the month: March 17th through May 15th is the best time to sell your apartment if you’re thinking about doing that kind of thing; you’ll be supremely creative around the new moon of the 17th; go to the gym and the dentist at the end of the month; Libra will put “a big accent on your dreams and desires” toward the end of the month — you might feel overwhelmed in other areas, so breathe here, because these are exciting things, and see if you can’t get help; you may start taking piano lessons. Susan didn’t say anything about them but I thought it seemed like a nice note to end on.

Scorpio
Hey Stinger Pants! Better than Stinker Pants, am I right?

“When you eventually look back on 2018,” Susan writes, “you will view March as a magical month, one of your most romantic months of the year.”

A recap of the last nine days: You started with an enchanting full moon on the 1st; everything supposedly went your way thanks to the lineup of the planets; the full moon shone in your eleventh house of hopes and wishes; life was all around flowery and romantic. (Yes? No? This sounds lovely so I’m rooting for this truth.)

Here’s what to expect for the rest of the month: Susan really wants you to travel, if you can getaway; Neptune, the Sun and the new moon are going to work together to “set the stage for love”; if you want to have baby chickens of your own, now might be the time; your career will shoot forward like the star that it is and you are; there’s a “blue moon” at the end of the month that might make things a little tiring, but per Suz’s verbatim advice: “Certainly this is a month given over mainly to love and fun, so for once, let work take a back seat so you can enjoy those precious moments to the fullest.”

Sagittarius
Oh Sagittarius, I brought a celestial apple with me, your favorite!

Did you read that in a sing-song voice? Do you think it’s weird how much I like your sign because I like horses so much? At first I was mad about Sagittari-ii because you guys get all the good astrologically-related logos and calendars and doodles, but then I realized, “If you can’t be them, join them,” so here I am offering you sugar cubes out of my palm and wondering if I can play with your horsetail.

A recap of the last nine days: Your career is more up than the Pixar movie (hey-o!) and everyone knows your name; you’ll make a lot of money; the man next to me is blowing into his nose so hard I’m scared for his brain.

Here’s what to expect for the rest of the month: Susan wants you to “toot your own horn” and celebrate your accolades, because it will lead to more of them — you’ve got a competitive edge right now; you’ll focus on redecorating and nesting; you’ll negotiate a beneficial contract (nice ’n’ vague); you’ll start getting into party mode even though you’re a little sleepy (take naps, please); you’ll need to be a brainstorming partner to a friend; and finally, on March 28th, you’ll “enjoy lighthearted mirth,” a sentence I am so glad Susan Miller wrote because we could all stand to work mirth back into our vocabulary!!!

Capricorn
I’m not saying you don’t, but if you had Capricorn horns IRL, would you pierce them, or would you let them be their own accessory?

A recap of the last nine days: the full moon of March 1st was “tailor-made for you” and made you smile a ton, apparently; your ninth house of long-distance travel sparkled; you may have gotten into grad school or something in that vein.

Here’s what to expect for the rest of the month: Hopefully better food than the weird airplane chicken teriyaki I just ate; a “big competitive advantage over the other zodiac signs,” thanks to Mars in Capricorn from March 17th through May 15th for the first time in two years (from Susan: “Use this time to launch an initiative that requires you have a lucky edge, such as a big interview…”); a lit-up career toward the end of the month and the culmination of a stressful, all-consuming project; a costume party that Susan didn’t really suggest I write about so much as she didn’t not tell me to mention it, so anyway, I think you should throw a costume party because why the hell not. I’ll brainstorm costumes with you down below if you want.

Aquarius
AQUARIUS I wonder if your name is to blame: I have had that “Barbie Girl” song stuck in my head for four days and I want it gone! I keep wanting to talk to you and Pisces about The Shape of Water and this so-called “fish sex.” I haven’t watched it yet which bums me out because I feel like it’s ripe fodder for these horoscopes, although this month’s batch has been a bit of a dead fish when it comes to the blatant innuendos. Oh well. There’s always next month to talk about Uranus and golden showers unnecessarily!

Anyway, here’s what to expect for the rest of the month: Ask for a raise on the new moon of March 17th — “it looks like you will get it,” writes Suz; you’ll begin opening talks for an exciting career move; your social life will be like PARTYPARTYPARTYDINNERHANGFRIENDPARTY, and you’ll be into it; after March 17th, you’ll be given the opportunity to go off the grid for a bit, which might be nice after that sentence I just wrote; use the end of the month to reflect, avoid travel if you can (Mercury in retro-lame) and reconnect with old flames — romantic or platonic. And hang out with your Barbie World friends!

Pisces
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU GOLDEN FISH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS FOR YOU!!!!!! AND THIS IS FOR YOU!!!!!!! I literally just said this to Aquarius but my hands feel like hooves today (I am a Taurus, after all) so don’t mind the copy/paste and pretend instead that I put both of you on a group text:

I keep wanting to talk to you and [Aquarius] about The Shape of Water and this so-called “fish sex.” I haven’t watched it yet which bums me out because I feel like it’s ripe fodder for these horoscopes, all though this month’s batch has been a bit of a dead fish when it comes to the blatant innuendos. Oh well. There’s always next month to talk about Uranus and golden showers unnecessarily!

Work smarter, not harder, am I right, bubble breath?

That was a compliment!!! It’s the cutest thing I’ve ever come up with. I can’t wait to use it as a term of endearment again.

A recap of the last nine days: You may have gotten married, or you proposed, or you DTR’d — Venus is in Pisces so there was and is a lotta love and romance happening; you were very inspired, or at least the buds of inspiration began to bloom; you might have started to find someone to partner with professionally, too.

What to expect for the rest of the month: Start sending out your resume and making the most of ye old network; expect great news on the 11th (about something!); prepare for a cool opportunity in ~*media*~ on March 13th; you’ll have the best day ever on March 17th thanks to gift-giving, luck-distributing Jupiter getting the new moon all excited, which will result in a special new moon that you can use in any way you choose. “The actions you take immediately after that new moon appears will have far-reaching, positive ramifications,” Susan Thriller said. That sounds so exciting! I hope you’ll send me an old-school newsletter that I can tape to my fridge because if there’s anything I love more than good Suz and good news, it’s mall photos of my friends in turtlenecks!

Aquarius
Hello Aquarium of my dreams (which definitely has one of these in it), how are you and happy birthday!!!!!!!! The main thing you need to know per Suz: “The new family of eclipses in Leo and Aquarius are back now, and they will pick up the conversation that you likely started last August 2017.” A boring sentence to copy/paste, but there we are. Thriller seems to think the conversations were surrounding ~*love*~ (how apropos, given our February theme), so please do gossip below in the comments and tell me where you left off with the DTR.

Speaking of “what are we,” the solar eclipse of February 15th will prompt you to make a decision about your future that you’ve been chewing on since the summer. It’s a positive eclipse, which means this is gonna be the right move. Seems like you’re going to get rich while you’re at it (birthday cards suddenly more lucrative than ever before). You’re also wildly popular this month, so don’t mind me, I’ll just be hanging out inside your cake in hopes of having what you’re having. Breakfast of champs.

Pisces
Hi, peach Pisces. In all our years together, I don’t think I’ve ever switched up the fruit. THAT CHANGES TODAY. You might be banana cream Pisces next month, so watch out, world.

We just had an eclipse, and we will have an eclipse: new moon solar eclipse in Aquarius on February 15th, to be specific. Uranus (I’m watching this space documentary on Netflix — taking me for damn ever because I fall asleep two minutes into any and every movie or car ride, but anyway, the scientists in it keep pronouncing Uranus as yer-an-uhs and I keep wanting to be like errr, pretty sure it’s pronounced your anus but whatever)…so Uranus is the the ruler of Aquarius, and for once the planet of butts isn’t being an asshole. It’s happy! This means you’re about to have a bunch of talks that need to stay secret, BUT they are going to be very exciting for your career. Big month for your career in general. And on February 10th, Susan Thriller wants you to go shopping. Don’t have to ask me twice. I’m already there; mom said we can get sugar cereal.

Aries
It is as if Susan Miller reads Man Repeller because her predictions are so in line with our theme of LOVE this month!!! If you’re like, Zzz, love is BORING. I want an action movie! Then I’d be like, Look, Luke Skywalker, love IS boring, which is why Harling wrote about that. P.S., Mom, appears you were wrong with the whole “only boring people get bored” thing! Everybody does poop though — I will give you that. Where’s a Uranus joke when you need one?

The point, the point: The eclipse on January 31st and the one coming on the 15th are both set up to change your personal life in major ways. That first eclipse is going to influence your love life the month ahead, whether you’re single or solo. If you don’t want be in a partnership, don’t forget that being in a relationship with yourself always lends itself to improvement, so can I get three shouts for Galileo!

The second eclipse mostly predicts that you’re going to attend a fabulous party, but you never know who you could meet there who would change your world and re-up your already cool career. (Speaking of which, Susan says this: ” You are likely doing better than you think you are, for it seems you have been too critical of your own performance.”)

Oh and take a nap before March comes. Just a little five-minute snooze, even. It’ll give you the charge you need.

Taurus
I FaceTimed with a 15-month-old (whatever with the years) this weekend, and she was telling me the noise cows made. I was like, “No doubt you’re super smart, but what sound does a taurus make?” Moo, apparently! I didn’t ask to trick her or anything — I just truly did not know.

What can I tell us about us? Well. This month is going to be home- and family-centric for us. We’ll be thinking about where we live and where we might want to move and all that sort of scary-but-also-exciting stuff. By the second eclipse of the 15th, the moon’s going to make shit a little bit more dramatic and create some exciting changes in our career. Yeeee-haw! “There is no doubt that this moment will be your biggest in 2018,” Susan writes. My takeaway there is to make sure I wear a really great pair of pants that day because how annoying would it be to be wearing the kind that give an uncomfortable wedge that interrupts my trying to focus on life-changing events.

Susan also notes we’ve been “spending quite a bit of money” lately (okay, Susan, I love you but don’t need the judgment! My cat does that for me, thanks) and thinks the job-related news could help act as a nice little salve to the spending. I won’t complain. Romantically, make-outs for everyone from February 11th to March 6th.

Gemini
“This is due to be a magical, standout month, and one you will long remember,” writes Susan. Are you excited??

You’re scheduled to travel a ton this month, and Venus is in your 10th house of professional success, so perhaps you’re getting outta dodge for the sake of work. Your hardworking reputation is going to carry you through February and raise you up on eagles’ wings.

Let’s talk about LOVE, bug: Susan seems to think you’re going to fall in love with someone at work or adjacent to it, and she thinks this person’s going to be an artist. “Your love planet, Venus, and good fortune Jupiter will be in ideal sync March 1,” she writes, but “you will feel the glow of these two sparkling planets as they move into position, days before they hit the peak of their aspect.” Sounds like a line from a steamy novel if I ever heard one, so that’s promising!

Raise your hands in the comments, by the way, if you’re going to get drunk and go see the newest Fifty Shades of whatever the new movie’s called.

Cancer
I got called crabby today so boy oh boy can I relate. Someone tried to eat my thumb meat and everything.

You might be crabby beyond the fact that you’re a celestial crab because you’ve been working so damn much. February is going to be even busier, so see now if you can hire or ask for additional help. But also, breathe because you’ll get through it. I PROMISE. Remember finals in college? None of us thought we’d get through those, and here we are.

All will feel truly worth it toward the end of the month when your career will be on fiyaaa and you’ll be gearing up for a great trip. “This full moon will be sugar and spice,” writes the Suz, “allowing you to spread your wings and experience a change of scene and change of pace.” That sounds nice, doesn’t it? Sounds like a piña colada is in your future to me.

If you can’t leave-leave, don’t forget: You can escape mentally. Sign up for a class you’ve been hankering to take as badly as I’ve been hankering to use the word hankering. Use this time to LEARN! Stock up now on all the books and podcasts you’ve wanted to consume that can Calgon, take-you-away to a far-away land. You’re going to be so happy to have them cozy and nearby come the end of February.

Leo
Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow! Attn: Leo lions, do all of you get that song stuck in your head too or just me? Let’s get into your ‘scopes because I’m sure you have bigger fish to fry and eat.

We’ve definitely talked about this before but if you’ve felt a lack of love in your life for the past few years, that’s on the mend. Saturn moved out of Sagittarius at the end of December and things are slowly getting better. Mars is now in your fifth house (must be nice!), ruling your love life and your baby life and your creativity until March 17th. Susan Thriller’s pretty confident this means some great love will fill your heart soon, if not some bow-chicka-ow-meow in your sheets. Don’t forget to self-love and self-care!

Romance isn’t the only thing that may have felt like a slog these past few years; home or family life could have been a real big UGH, too. But Jupiter, cute little sky-marble, giver of gifts and luck that he is, has moved on into this formerly-cranky area to light it up with joy until November 16th, 2018. “What a glorious turnaround your life has been taking,” says our girl. Me-ow!

Virgo
Shout out to all my Virgos who can and can’t drive! You’re in a nesting mode right now which sounds so damn cozy it hurts my heart. Enjoy it. Tell me what color you’re painting your risky accent wall.

I’m sick of typing and need a break so allow me to hand the mic to Susan: “The new moon solar eclipse on February 15 will touch off changes in your workplace, for the eclipse will fall in your sixth house of assignments and tasks. Opportunities will come up to learn new methods and skills, for a solar eclipse opens a new path, and in this case, to work on something very new, possibly in the digital world, telecommunications, the sciences, or humanities.” Okay!! Doesn’t that sound swell? It also somehow sounds like you’re going to become a modern day Inspector Gadget what with your resume and skills.

The end of the month will be a real spring burrito for you. You’ll be able to pay attention to your partner thanks to a clear mind and hopefully schedule and hopefully also a full heart if we want to bring an overused Friday Night Lights reference into this in a non-traditional way. Can’t really lose with that one in my book.

Venus is in the commitment area of your chart pouring lube everywhere FYI and it’s a good thing so LMK if you get engaged or what!!!

Libra
Libra cut the crap I have no time for chit chat: If you’re reading this on February 6th then stop reading and run outside, straight into the arms of the one you love because surprising Uranus (!) is texting Venus late-night style with that sultry “Hey you” and Venus is INTO IT, meaning that you are going to be a hot human commodity who seems to hold a golden lasso and can rope whoever you want right into your heart and I feel like by keeping your eyes on this page for even a minute longer, I am holding you back! “Your level of magnetism will run exceptionally high,” says Suz. Yee-haw!

But just you wait; that’s not all! (Sorry, I have a hard time getting off the phone.) The eclipse of February 15th — a new moon solar eclipse, in fact — will receive “golden beams from Uranus,” so you know what that means. Golden showers bring February flowers of romantic dreams.

Remember: I am but a messenger of the galaxy.

I can tell you, however, that if it’s love you want, sleeping on your couch is not the way to find it. These days are primed for you to go outside and get looking. And if you don’t want to look? Fine! Look in the mirror and fall in love with your beautiful face!

Scorpio
Sting butt, Susan dropped a graph at the top of your summary that I feel I just have to copy/paste to you because it’s a lot, and then we can break it down:

“This will be a big, critical point in 2018 for you. The eclipses are cutting across your most public and private areas of your chart, so as February opens, you will still be thinking about the full moon lunar eclipse of January 31 that crystalized your career progress. If things have not been going well, you may be tempted to leave your job now, but if feedback from higher ups indicates that you have been doing well, you may get a surprise promotion or exciting offer from a competitor. Uranus will be unusually friendly, so career news that comes out of the blue may thrill you.”

It’s going to be a surprising month, but all of it good stuff. I/we (Susan and me, even though really, it’s Susan and I) promise. Start by snuggling into your home. Create a cocoon to cuddle into should the outside stuff get crazy. If you need a roommate, look now.

Venus is going to help you attract love. It’s in Pisces, which will help you absorb that love like a sponge. Susan thinks you’ll be like catnip to others and calls this your “Emerald year,” which sounds like a great book I’d like to read about one woman’s journey to Ireland or Colombia to find herself. On February 21st, Venus seems to think that this weekday night will be filled with “perfume, candlelight, and soft whispers.” Sounds like an orgy or an ASMR party. Either way, I’m there!

Sagittarius
Good lord Sagittarius, to answer Chandler Bing’s insufferable rhetorical question, No, your horoscope literally could not be any longer.  But you’ve been busy. I get it. Lots to cram in there. Allow me to shorten it here.

We just had an eclipse, but the one to focus on is that of February 15th. The days that follow will be busy AF so get organized now, as best you can, and make those phone calls you’ve been dreading. They’ll only get more annoying so cross them off your list.

The reason for all this busyness is your Success Star is rising, sweet baby angel friend. You’re going to get some sort of career promotion or recognition, and on top of that, you will have FULL CONTROL of situations, Susan says, which is amazing. When’s the last time you’ve felt totally 10-and-2 with your hands on the life wheel? I’ve more or less been driving blind with my knees.

Love’s in the air — aw! — “in a month that seems to be tailor-made for you.” If you’re brewing children like Leandra is then now’s the time to marvel in the love that is your human stew. Is that gross or cute I can’t tell I’m writing too fast. If you’re single and don’t want to be, you won’t be for long. If you’re romanced, prepare for the spark to tickle your funny bone. If you’re single and loving it, love on yourself. Tis the season! You know the planets are all for vibrations!

Capricorn
Hello Sea Goat! How have we never talked about you being part mermaid before? I’d love to do it more. Also, it’s eclipse season! The eclipse on the 31st was pretty boring other than the fact that it lit your eighth house of other people’s money, which sounds like an inheritance to me and a reason to party! Hey-o! (It also might mean you’re investing your own money. Here’s hoping you make millions on cryptocurrency bb-g.)

The money theme will continue through the second eclipse on February 15th, and thanks to Uranus, planet of butts and surprises, you’re poised to win the lotto or something like it. You also might be surprised with a raise or a fancy new job offer.

Toward the month’s end, after you’ve been busy rolling around in all that greenery, you’re well-poised to set yourself up on an interesting life goal where you’ll set out to complete something you’ve always wanted to. That’s pretty cool. “Whatever goal you choose for you, it will be something that will allow you to grow and learn,” says Susan Thriller. “You will yearn to set up a foundation to your life, and Saturn will help you do just that.” Call me when you figure it out. I just changed my ringback tone and am dying for someone to try it out!!!

Capricorn
What kind of friend would I be if I didn’t decorate your proverbial locker right here in Horoscope Hall and proclaim to you, “HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!”

With that settled and out of the way, hello Capricorn nuts (great snack)! Susan Thriller says that “this will be an extraordinary month for you. Heavenly bodies are migrating to your sign at a scale you’ve never seen, including the Sun, new moon, Venus, Mercury, Saturn, and Pluto in Capricorn on January 16.” Per her, “this is your chance to get your way.” Or the HIGHWAY! Am I right? But what’s so bad about a highway, anyway?

Hit it, Tom Cochrane!


Assuming you don’t consider this the “sitting in traffic” equivalent of celestial predictions, you’ll be focused on your home next month and for years to come, apparently. That sounds awfully cozy to me.

January 6th and 8th are great days for friendship so tell everyone to text you then. Keep yourself unplugged until then. When it comes to charm, I’m pretty sure I just saw a toothpaste ad-quality sparkle beam off your tooth, because from now until the 17th you’re dazzling the pants off everyone. Your shine’s so sparkly I heard them calling you a Liberace jumpsuit from a mile away. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have some keys(board) to tickle.

Aquarius
Fresh water Aquarius, I hear from my frood friend Frusan that you need a little vacation after your vacation! If you don’t know where to start, do what I just did: remove the first letter of words then add an “fr” to frem (see? “frem” instead of “them”) — for literally no reason. Do that in your work emails and see if anyone understands what you’re talking about. They won’t, and I typically don’t, so it’s kind of like being alone on a relaxing deserted island, until someone gets annoyed with you, I guess.

If confusing everyone is not your thing and you hate seeing the angry red squiggle of your computer’s inner editor shouting, “THAT IS MOST DEFINITELY NOT A WORD!!! STOP PUTTING ‘FR’ IN FRONT OF WORDS UNNECESSARILY,” then just try taking it easy until the new moon on January 16th, “when most of the solar system will be grouped in your twelfth house of solitude and reflection.” I.e. you won’t miss out on the party if you put your feet up for a bit and stay in. It’s too cold out there anyways.

Even though you’re chilling, now’s a wonderful time for your career, especially when it comes to new job stuff. Keep your ear hopes open around the 5th. Susan said the 6th too but that’s a weekend so byeeeeee.

Overall, this is bound to be a year of excitement, change, and growth. Susan said that. She baked those words like cookies made with love. I just put the oven mitt on and took them out of the oven.

Pisces
My favorite fish sticks! If you couldn’t relax in December, well guess the hell what? Now you can. January has you primed for straight chilling. (Join an Aquarius under the sea: they too have their feet up.) And please do chill all you want, but don’t forget your reflexes because–

Suz Mail coming in hot! “January 16 finds more than half the solar system circulating in your eleventh house of friendship and fun events, thanks to the arrival of the Sun, new moon, Venus, Mercury, Saturn, and Pluto, all in Capricorn. This configuration will bring new friends, invitations to groups, and happy experiences with friends, and for you, this will be the case.”

Okay! So it’s going to be all about the friendship for you this month, to which you may say, “I love my friends, but they do not help me relax. They are party animals.” That’s why it gets cold in the winter, silly fish! Do you forget because you live in the ocean? (So cool, by the way.) Mammals hibernate in the winter, especially humans! Encourage your friends to join you in a furry-leg filled rendition of how much cookie dough can we eat without getting so sick that we don’t want to eat the pizza we just ordered. Let me know if I can come.

Something else you might like to know before I pack a bag and head over is that, “Mars will tour your tenth house of honors, awards, and achievement from January 26 until March 17.” That means that if you were even beginning to think about feeling work-guilty about relaxing, now you have no excuse not to say, “You know what, I rule, and I deserve this nap.”

Aries  
First of all, Aries, in the name of a new year and therefore potentially a new monogram (why not!) I’d like to run some new nicknames by you and let all Aries vote in the comments. Do you like…

A) Aries David, like Larry David, but more Ram-like.

B) ArieZona Iced Tea, stylized as such to keep in line with the tall boy can choice of my youth — a harrowing stylistic decision given that I was unsure if it was more responsible to add the Aries’ standard ‘S’ before the AriZona Z (but I stand by it).

C) Faries, instead of fairies. A little less fun but it makes me think of FernGully, which I do only every so often, when looking for mullet inspiration.

Anyway, let me know in the comments below. All of this was a lead-up to tell you that sometimes, when it comes to horoscopes, I truly believe (though you wouldn’t know it) that less is more, which is why, Aries, by January 6, you will be a “virtual money magnet,” per Susan Miller, and you’ll reach “a major development in your romantic relationship.” If that doesn’t hint toward a similar vein as the Markles’ recent engagement photos and sound like a good time and a bottle of wine, then I don’t know what does.

Taurus
Thanks for getting the door, Taur! This month, I have to tell you, is all about travel for us. Just a whole butt and bucketload of travel! When I read this I was like, listen Susan, I traveled on January 1st as you said I would (which, no offense, wasn’t exactly the most revelatory prediction of the year given that a lot of people traveled on this date what with the holiday and all), but I have no other travel planned.

And then I thought to myself, wait a minute, I did not grow up watching Mr. Rogers’ Neighborhood for nothing, and I can travel using my imagination to do all sorts of things like draw or write or be more creative or check out what kind of bedspread my neighbors may or may not be using. I can time travel a la the tesseract if I truly needed. (Put me out of my misery, please, and just let me have a private showing of A Wrinkle in Time, Ava, I beg of you!!! Are you still reading? Who am I and in what century are we partying?) I can also very well travel to and from all sorts of local destinations. This weekend, for example, I’d love nothing more than to travel the entire circumference of my couch.

So anyway, if you have trips of any kind, I’d love to know about them.

Something else to know about our sign because that wasn’t much (blame the planets!!!), is that Mars and Jupiter are doing the horizontal dance in Scorpio, our house of marriage this month, which they have not done since August 9th, 1982 — and I wasn’t born yet. So get ready to take that metaphorically or literally and run with it. A partner* will come in handy toward the middle of the month (January 16th) when Susan says something’s going to try to come out of NOWHERE and fuck shit up (blame Uranus, who I know I said I wouldn’t talk about and am done with after this sentence) but she is confident we can blast through whatever’s ahead so long as we think calmly (hahahahah I don’t do that!), act methodically and react swiftly. But that partner, remember? They’ll be your saving grace.

*ADDENDUM! PARTNER IS ANYONE WHO YOU CONSIDER TO BE A CLOSE ALLY INCLUDING, HONESTLY, DOGS.

Gemini
Gemini. I can’t lie to you. Things have taken a turn for the strange this round of horoscopes. What started out as an idea to offer up the ONE THING each sign needed to know turned into a whirlwinded fury of subconscious blathering-ons and I just am not too sure if any signs know what the hell is going on, but they’re all sure as hell going to try to make it work. Is that not a true and sort of beautiful metaphor for our human existence, or by George, did I do it again and lose my mind in the jungle? Let’s conduct a poll, shall we? That’s the only real productive thing I’ve managed to accomplish.

When it comes to Repell-o Scopes, do you read them to:

A) Pass the time while getting a wax

B) Actually want to know how to predict your month ahead

C) Have a solid example of what NOT to do with your journalism degree

or D) Waffles

If you chose D, here’s some maple syrup: on January 8th, Jupiter will send a “shimmering signal to the Sun on January 8,” which is a brilliant day to schedule meetings and set up times to talk with VIPs, or anyone who you need to really listen to you, to your ideas, to your greatest existential being. If that meeting was good but not “WOW-IE!,” no worries, January 10th bring even more support from the higher-ups you need to move along your next area of ladder climbing. Susan encourages that you use this time to negotiate and keep negotiating.

“That entire week, from January 6 to 9 will be special for you,” she says, even though the 6th is a weekend and she keeps forgetting this, “but you must make an effort to negotiate finances and make decisions about them.” Apparently tension about money, if you’re feeling any, will let the hell up by the 19th. After that, you’ll turn to travel. Apparently I’m going to be aboard Steve Zissou’s underwater vessel all month so join me, won’t you?

Cancer
Crunchy lovely orange crabs!!! I thought of you the whole time I was home in San Francisco because I brought my man friend who was visiting various tourist destinations and I forgot just how interwoven the theme of the CRAB is into the city. It’s like Maine’s lobster, but not, because it’s the San Francisco crab. (Btw I’m looking at the California bear as we speak — my mom got me a pillow with the bear on it — and the bear seems on board. We’re all friends here!)

Let’s talk ‘scope because my fingers are going numb: A lot of your January horoscope revolved around career and money. All good things because I say so! But!!! You’re positioned to enter a highly romantic period, too, and right now that just feels more festive to type about.

Susan writes, “If you feel the energies of the month in a more romantic way, you may get engaged or married, especially at some point during the first seven days of January (which may have started December 30 or 31, too). A golden triangle will appear in the sky at that time, formed by several heavenly bodies, specifically the moon in Cancer (you), Mars and Jupiter (true love and romance), and Neptune (sumptuous long distance travel). Additionally, in the first ten days of January, your crowd of planets will receive shimmering vibrations from Neptune (inspiration), Jupiter (happiness), and Mars (energy).” It was just a lot which is why I had to copy/paste it. Also, I refuse to pass up an opportunity to read someone else’s words about “shimmering vibrations.”

Anyway, please remember that everything is a metaphor when it comes to horoscopes and “engaged” or “married” can mean whatever you want it to, in whatever field you want it to. For example, I may become “engaged” to a BLT in about four seconds, and I feel like I’m about to get “married” to my couch the moment the clock strikes weekend.

Oh and enjoy all the money you’re due to make at the end of the month!

Leo
Oh you big beautiful cat! Let me comb your mane with my fingers. I just told Virgo down below that I forgot to watch Love, Actually over the holidays. I weirdly watched barely any holiday movies, come to think of it, which makes me sad because I have a pretty strong policy against post-December holiday movie-watching…but if there’s a snowstorm, fuck it, I’ll slip in Family Stone and you can’t stop me! Also, when it comes to holiday movies off-season, am I the only other person who loves Dan in Real Life and doesn’t know where it belongs on the calendar? It’s not a SUPREMELY holiday-ish movie, but it’s also not not one either. Sigh. Anyway, the movie I did watch over the holidays that was slightly holiday-thematic is The Chronicles of Narnia! 


You know, I love this music video^ but have always felt that this is a rather active Sunday. Like they go from the West Village to the Upper West Side for a movie? That is a lot of schlepping, mostly because it involves a commitment to being somewhere on time. Kinda gives me Sunday anxiety.

I forgot my point. OH FOUND IT! The lion thing made me think of Chronicles of Narnia, hence the detour, and now we’re here:

Your one thing to know this January round of horoscopes is that January will be a “strenuous month at work,” (Susan said but I know you can handle this!) “so find frequent ways to treat your body, mind, and spirit with care.” Roll your Lion sleeves up, crack your knuckles, get down with the get down toward your road of success and then later that night, have a DIY spa. Ahhh.

Your biggest day of the whole MONTH, just as a heads up, is January 31st. It will bring about a big ol’ conclusion on something major in your life you’ve been working on. Don’t you just love giant bows that wrap things up?

Virgo
Virgo I have a quick poll to run by you, which Virgo-name-pun would have been more funny had I not just felt the need to run it by you?

Would it have been:

A) Virgo-go Power Rangers!

B) Virgo who can’t drive (an homage, of course, to Clueless)

or C) Virgo Mobile/Virgo Airlines

I want to say A or B, feel like I dropped the joke ball on C and more than anything need you Virgos to know that unfortunately, you will probably hear D, all of the above, in the future. As for your great horoscope that is the OPPOSITE of unfortunate, you can kind of just chill a bit and eat pineapples or whatever it is you do in your recreational time until the new moon of January 16th, because on that date, your fifth house of true love is going to be lit ALL THE WAY UP!

Here’s your one thing to know about your sign this month: “With an extraordinary number of heavenly bodies filling this area of your chart,” writes Susan, who should definitely have a cameo in A Wrinkle in Time, I am now convinced, “including the Sun, new moon, Venus, Mercury, Saturn, and Pluto – if single, you will be open to meeting new people. Virgo rarely has unrealistic expectations, especially in matters of the heart, and that will put you in a good position to decide which persons you’d like to meet and know better, as well as which persons to pass up.” If you’re not single, well then get ready to get all Vir-goo-goo eyes at your loved one! Nothing says devotion like staring straight into your loved one’s pores. IT IS A MONTH OF ROMANCE!!! The whole month. All of it. I may have just decided this but don’t I get a say? It’s your life so you certainly do.

January 6th is a good day to start a project and the 31st is going to be extraordinarily relaxing, where love is not concerned. Even though “love, actually … is all around.” Or however that movie goes. I forgot to watch it in December!!!

Libra
Liberace, I hope you can forgive me for making a Liberace joke in another sign, I know that’s usually our thing but I was referencing a glitter jumpsuit or some such nonsense.

Let’s focus, because I promised we’d streamline these ‘scopes this month and if we’re being honest (we always are, aren’t we) I haven’t done the best job streamlining it. I’ve been rambling — realllll rambling man, as they say.


Lotta money for you this month, especially close to January 6th, when “Jupiter, giver of gifts and luck, will conjunct Mars.” (Hi Suz quote!) “This is a rare aspect, for these two Titans of the planetary lineup only happen once every two years, but when they do, the always meet in a different sign. This year these luminaries will meet in your second house of earned income, so you will have the money for any life transitions you might be planning. Take this aspect seriously – it won’t come again until November 24, 2053.”

What the hell is in 2053! What kind of sneakers will you be wearing? WHO WILL BE PRESIDENT? Who’s to say, but let’s pray for great things and until then, enjoy your piles of money. Part of me wants to say spend them wisely but the other part of me is like, “I’m hungry!”

(Okay fine, sure: Susan gives one slight heads-up that come January 16th, you will be happy you have an extra cushion for the pushin’ because you’ll want to spend some cash on your home. She suspects you’re making changes in your “living situation.” Should we talk shelves? Should we talk apartments at large?

One more thing! This month, LOVE IS IN THE AIR AND IT SMELLS LIKE BABY GOATS IN PAJAMAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Scorpio
Scorpio I hope your pinchy claws can hold umbrellas because you’re going to need to take cover come January 6th: whole lotta MONEY is about to rain down!!!

$$$$$ YAYYYYY $$$$$$$$$$$$$

Mars is in your sign until January 26th, which means at work, it’s time for you to take the lead. People already listen to you, per Suz, but boy oh boy is the floor ever yours and are people watching you! It means that now is your time to shine. Would you like some wine with that cheese?

I was just in Napa and can barely tell you anything about my opinion on which wine selection to choose today, if you were about to ask me. The one that doesn’t taste like vinegar that I just found in my fridge? For real: how long can you drink a bottle of wine after you open it and put the cork back in? How do you know if it “tastes a little funky,” or if it’s straight up poison? Can you cook with bad wine like you can make banana bread with old bananas? All ears in the comments down below.

Actually no! I am not drunk today, thank you for asking!

But, er, what I think I keep attempting to get at is that a lot of your money may come from approved proposals and such because of that floor being yours, and you taking advantage of it. Catch my drift? And you’re scheduled to get an award at the end of the month. That sounds grand. You deserve it. I’ll hang it on my fridge if yours isn’t magnetic!

Sagittarius
Hoorrayyyy half-horsed and behooved friend of mine! If you’ve been working on a big idea, perhaps one that lives behind your gut or within your brain space or within the confines of your computer — wherever — then this is the month for it to begin to see the light of day! “Mars will allow you to push your idea or project out in the open for all to see when it moves into Sagittarius on January 26 to stay until March 17,” writes Thriller.

But I think she uses a key grouping of words there: “Mars will allow you to push your idea,” meaning Mars has its hands out like, “Alright fuckers! Stand back and make way for brilliance!” so that you can charge through like the four-legged cool creature that you are and really make some progress. Fight for your right to party and succeed! It’s all up to you though — that’s what I’m getting at. Sleep now, rest now, so that you’ve got a fire (the safe kind) lit under your butt when it comes time to make moves.

“This will be the most important part of the year for you to push through your biggest ideas,” Susan continues, and I keep quoting her because I’ve lost my damn mind and I like what she has to say today. “You will have the podium, the spotlight, and the microphone; and influential people will sit up and take notice of all you have to say. VIPs will be impressed with your courage, energy, and drive, and will be drawn to want to help you reach your goals. This is no time to be shy or to think on a small scale. You only get Mars every two years in your own sign, and once you have it, as you will starting on January 26, you must use it.”

USE IT ALL, CELESTIAL NEIGH-BOR. I’ll be over here with my chin in my hands, ready to text you a bundle of confetti when you say, “I did it!”

Sagittarius 
Happy birthday month, celestial half-horses! If you’re anything like Leandra then you’ve been celebrating the anniversary of your grand exit from the birth canal however many years ago today since the Sagittarius Season officially began, and you plan to do so all the way until the end of December no matter if it bleeds into Aquarius or not. And why not! They call it Birthday Month for a reason. I hope you spend the entirety of it naked.

Even if your friends won’t acknowledge such egregious celebrations, you’ve got the planets celebrating: the Sun, Mercury, Venus, and Saturn, and soon, the new moon of December 18th are all here to embarrass you by singing off-key in kilts to the happy birthday song. Did you know that, apparently, opera singers are asked to perform this song in auditions because it’s so challenging to stay on tune? I read that on a Snapple cap I think so either don’t or definitely do quote me.

We have to talk about the retrograde because everyone’s gonna be BLOGGING about it and I don’t want you to feel like I didn’t tell you something. It started the 3rd, which I know you know, and it will last until the 22nd. It’s honestly not that big of a deal. Just cross your i’s, dot your t’s and prepare for some minor shit to go wrong. Deep breath and eat cake for breakfast.

As for Saturn, I’ll leave you with this from my friend and yours, Susan:
“You probably feel that you have had enough of Saturn during the past three years, and you did.” [If I were here I’d write like, “WELL GUESS WHAT?!!” But she takes a more subtle approach and eliminates the exclamation, leading instead into the rest of the sentence I interrupted.] “You only have a few more of Saturn’s tests to go…Saturn will finally leave Sagittarius on the following day December 19 or 20 (depending on your time zone), not to return in Sagittarius until 2044….Saturn has made you tougher, stronger, and leaner – able to deal with anything life throws your way.” Amen and HAPPY BIRTHDAY.

Capricorn
Hey Cinnabon horns! Cue Natalie Cole…

This will be (!) a “landmark month” for you, Capricorns, “for Saturn, your ruling planet, will enter Capricorn on December 19, for the first time since 1988 to 1991.” What happens now will set off a positive Domino effect, leading you to a “major commitment” in the next three years that you’re gonna want to pursue — and pursue aggressively. I think it’s one of those “when you know, you’ll know” kinda things. I wish I had a toothbrush right about now! I’m on a plane and it’s packed away precariously in the overhead. French planes are fun because they don’t totally monitor how much you schlep onboard, but then you sit down and you’re stuck in a fort of your own making.

So much home stuff for you this month! Are you redecorating?? Tell me all about it, please! I’m nesting, too.

Susan thriller says to use December as a month for observation, planning and reflecting. It will feel good during the retrograde, as everything else gets all whackadoo. If you want to finish something important to you that requires quiet, like book-writing or finishing up a screenplay, now’s the time. You’ll be left alone (but you won’t feel lonely.) Depending on how reachable you want to be, always carry a charger. Again, Mercury is in retrograde so get ready for electronics to be on the fritz cracker.

Some gossip: On Thursday, December 27th,  Mars is going to hook up with Neptune. Their love cloud will produce a “dreamlike evening when you may feel swept off your feet with happiness and in the rush of love,” again, per Suz. I like to let her deliver the best news, since she’s the one always on conference calls with the stars and what not. The rest of December is forecast to be pretty sunny for you, dear Cinnabon horns. Don’t mind me while I lick a bit of frosting off your ear if it melts. Thanks for understanding!

Aquarius
Hi Water Baby!

Jupiter, planet of good fortune, will be planted like a festive shrub in your house of fame and honors. HELLO! I HOPE YOU LIKE BEING SUCCESSFUL AND FAMOUS!!! How fun is that for you!?? Apparently it took 12 years for him to get there, into your tenth house of professional prestige worldwide (*worldwide*) so use this time to take advantage of him — in a NICE way! If you’re feeling like taking a risk, now’s the time. Oh what fun foreshadowing that is into next month’s theme, by the way. I don’t think I’m going to tell any other sign that besides yours so sign this here NDA by commenting down below, “I love cheese fries.”

The above planetary dance will lead you to reach new heights where your job trajectory is concerned come the end of November 2018. “By that period’s end, you are likely to be in an entirely new level in your career and basking in the warm glow of success,” writes Ms. Thriller.

But let’s refocus on the now before I leave you: the first part of this month is going to be romantic for you. It will trickle down through New Years. Attend any and all parties on December 18th, and the 20th — yes! Even if you’re tired! You may make a new friend and it’s up to you to add a 90s wink emoji to that sentence or not. Here’s one I’ll add: :* (it’s a kiss) OH. AND BEWARE MERCURY IN RETROGRADE! Or don’t. How boring.

Pisces
I’m not going to lie, Pumpkin Pisces: I am writing this with the fear of god because I am on an airplane with the tray table down and my phone connected to the internet just before we take off but no one seems to be bothered by any of this. I just wonder if you think I’m going to be yelled at. I always get yelled at! It’s too good to be true and here I am, wasting both our time.

WHAT DO YOU NEED TO KNOW? In the name of the retrograde (Mercury, what else did you expect) let’s make this as straightforward and organized as possible to avoid the only real thing you need to worry about: miscommunication.

1) “You are about to enter a month poised to reward you for all the hard work and good judgment you have displayed in your career over the past years,” writes Susan. No comments there! That sounds awesome.

2) As much as you can, delay December decision-making by pushing projects to January by asking as many questions as you can, or not providing answers until the last minute. It sounds a little unprofessional so, Reader’s Choice Awards!

3) FUN FACT: Most people try to work right up against and after the retrograde period to the day, so in this case, just before December 3rd (that date is long gone my friend) and right after the 22nd. Susan says this plan is not a good one, because the first and last days of the retrograde are the worst. They cause the most confusion. So come December 22nd and 23rd, I advise you mostly nap.

4) Per the rule of retrograde: avoiding “starting” things does not apply to that which you already know. In other words, go nuts and hook up with an old fling while you’re home for the holidays.

5) Travel is your friend this month, which might sound contrarian to the above, but it is! So get on a damn plane, train or automobile and hightail it the heck outta town. I know I could Google this but when is Westworld back on? Another random thing that is your friend is broadcasting. You’d be great at it. Why not combine the two and start a travel show?

6) Speaking for friends, here comes the daily newsan: “With Saturn entering your eleventh house of friendships and groups, you will now experience your biggest personal growth through working with your present friends and by making new friends too. If you ever wanted to join a club and get active, the coming three years would be the time to do it. You will be given the chance to make your mark by making the world a better place, all because of you.” Holy fish and glitter holidays: IS THERE ANY BETTER HOLIDAY GIFT THAN THAT?

Aries
Well I’ll be a hot buttered croissant, Aries, because I sure as hell won’t be damned: Mercury is in RETROGRADE again. Oh yes. It started on the 3rd and will last until the 22nd, sort of like a period that won’t die. Sometimes I wonder if this “Mercury in Retrograde” shit isn’t one big scare tactic, designed not by ancient astrologists but instead by the founders of Consumerism™ to get us to buy things within certain windows, like a Black Friday situation. Because guess what Susan Miller’s big heed of warning is this month?

Make sure you get your holiday shopping done early!!!!!!!

And while I’m buying it — damn you Susan! — I’m certainly not listening to it! I’m procrastinating until the very last minute because if there’s one thing I love more than stress that’s out of my control, it’s stress I myself fabricate. Who’s with me?

Susan!!! Don’t don’t you dare call my therapist! Give me back that phone right this instant!

[Momentary pleasant hold music while we experience technical difficulties]

Try to get out of the office and into a new setting as much you can this month! Mars, your ruler, opposed Uranus on December 1st, which means your nerves are on edge after the burn and it seems as though everyone else is ready to snap, too. But your ruler Mars will sync with Saturn, Susan says, and your sense of humor will get you through this crazy time. As is typical, I can’t remember if that’s a verbatim quote or a paraphrase from AstrologyZone.com. She and I are so alike sometimes it’s hard to tell where she begins and I party.

This is a quote, though: “December 19, Saturn will move into Capricorn for a three-year stay. This is the first time since 1988-1991 that Saturn will visit your prestigious tenth house of career honors, awards, and achievement. According to the office gossip, you are about to get a major promotion and impressive title – this will turn out to be true.”

Oh yeah and you’ll probably fall in love on the 27th if you haven’t already.

Taurus
Let’s make this short and sweet like a velvet party dress, my fellow bullfrogs, shall we? December 3rd’s full moon brought a financial matter to culmination. I know, snooze, but I merely share the words that ol’ Suz tells me to. “Keep in mind that celebrating holidays don’t have to break the bank,” she says. It’s true. You can wrap yourself in boughs of holly and sing fa la la la la all the way to February’s credit card bill, if you want to. I want to. I gotta tell you though, just since we’re here, I have a tangle the size of a thorny bramble under the backside of my hair and I’m terrified to shower as a result. What would you do??

Fucking Mercury off to La La Land for the near entirety of the month. (It ends the 22nd but we all know no month moves faster than this one.) Shopping is going to be hard, so Susan suggests you bake instead, but I tried to do that last weekend and realized I don’t even have an automatic whisk. Macaroni frames it is!

“After a month being entwined in calculator tape,” writes Susan “the moments you will find to spend with your one and only love will be especially sweet.” What the fresh heck is calculator tape, I’d like to know. Besides, I used my loved ones as human calculators. When the check comes anyone who knows me knows to automatically do the tip for me and sign my name. It’s technically forgery! But the government and everyone else looks the other way in the name of accurate tipping.

We’ve got a crazy work month little fruit loops, but yes, Virginia (I saved that for our sign!), there will time at the end of the month to relax with those aforementioned human calculators. Mars is making money moves on Jupiter, which could make the end of the month even more special, per Suz. She thinks a baby or an engagement might be in your future. Or maybe a date? A really great dance. Definitely a ton of parties.

If romantic romps between the sheets aren’t your focus right now, use the energy surrounding you to further bolster your blooming career. December 16th is the day to watch in particular. “[W]hen it comes to career, nothing can stop you now,” says Susan. THANKS MOM.

Gemini
God bless you, Gemini. Mercury is your guardian planet? Well, no offense, but that lazy fuck is going retrograde again. Sigh. I know it feels like a life-ruiner, but it’s not. It’s not! This is and these are the holidays after all, and I’ll be damned — dammit, you will be too! — if we don’t celebrate as though nothing were backward and ice skate around this sparkling winter wonderland until our feet turn blue. Why do we always forget to wear socks? Oh right, it’s retrograde’s fault. (See? It’s nice to have someone beside your cat to blame.)

Be deliberate about communication in December, so much so that it feels like overkill. Over-enunciate, over-email, color-code and highlight everything. “Organization will get you through this month,” writes Susan. It’s true. She was wildly on time this month, as though she knows something we don’t.

Let’s talk butts: The full moon of December 3rd brought the conclusion of something that’s important to you. Don’t get into any binding financial agreements this December, but listen, it sounds like by mid-January, you’re gonna be rich. This month will be hyper-romantic for attached Geminis, but for those single and looking to linger under the mistletoe (what a boring old joke), on December 20th, Uranus will text Venus, “Hey stranger,” which will lead to them hooking up while they’re both home over break again, and as a result, you’ll meet someone eggnog-spicy. They might be older, too. Chic. Love me some salt-and-pepper with my bacon, egg and cheese.

Cancer
Good thing you’ve got two claws, little crab, because you need to double check everyone’s work and pinch the shit out of anything that seems suspicious this month! People are being sloppy right now at season’s end, not to mention all the mishegas caused by fucking Mercury in Retrograde, which I cannot, if you scan the signs above, write without the expletive.

I started to write this horoscope while falling asleep (I’m on a plane) and just woke up to this cool sentence, by the way: “If you say, ‘no they’re not,’ uh oh, right be you.” I should write while sleeping more often. It sounds PROFOUND. Speaking of flying and crab-related things, lobster was offered on my flight. I am so suspicious of airport seafood and my friend who always eats airport oysters said I sound like a snob but doesn’t that just seem like a recipe for food poisoning!!? Who watched Big Mouth on Netflix and can never eat a scallop again, whether airport- or ocean-adjacent?

Okay now, crunchy water spiders (sorry): What can I tell you about your sign this month that you don’t know beyond be cautious, over-communicative and don’t buy electronics?

Well, Saturn, “the tough teacher who helps to mature us so that we’re ready for bigger responsibilities in life” — i.e. not the now-defunct car brand of my college chariot, the one I loved dearly even when it just…stopped working on the highway sometimes! — will move out of Sagittarius on December 19th or 20th after three years in your work sector. Do you know what that means? You will be able to breathe!!! Susan says your work life will improve enormously.

The end of December will be cozy and good for you, Cancer. December 14th in particular, though, will be especially magical. Let me know what Harry Potter smells like in real life!

Leo
Susan says you love love, Leo. You’ve got a bigger heart than the Tin Man realizes he’s had all along and, always the brave lion, you’re not afraid to use it. Actually, fast poll: Do you embrace or are you creeped out, just a little bit, by the lion in Wizard of Oz? He looks like a very tall man dressed up as Shirley Temple dressed up as a character from the terrifying 1980s smash hit musical featuring more mullets than you and I even realize, CATS.

Our girl Suz thinks you’re either ready to end it with someone or make things serious, back to matters of the heart. Saturn’s been making your love life complicated since December 2014 (raise your paw if you’re like, “OH. THAT EXPLAINS IT.”) Well, great new: it’s finally gonna get the hell out of your room, which means your love life will glide like heels over an oil slick of lube.

Gynos much-prefer water-based lube, though! Ask yours about her favorite today!

Your career is doing great. On that upward trajectory. Money will come next month if you’re worried about it now. Speaking of now, I need to briefly mention the Retrograde of god damn Mercury that began the 3rd and lasts until the 22nd: order extra contacts ASAP and keep a spare pair plus your prescription lenses with you at all times. Tough stuff if you’re super 90s and only have prescription sunglasses, but also, that sounds cool.

Travel if you can this this month and if you can’t, no sweat: home is where the heart is! Theme of the Gift Guide, don’t ya know?

Virgo
Hello Virgo! Did you get a promotion? Thriller seems to think the full moon of December 3rd may have given you a little nudge. Let me know, but even so, A) congrats and B) don’t act until January if you can hold on because you’ll have Capricorn on your side.* Your career will shoot up to the moon that month. And it’s shooting now, too, promise, but it’s still sprouting buds. It’s chilling for a minute until the dust settles, wisely. Get your ducks in a row then tell me where the hell you keep ducks without a pond, or do you have a pond? I’d like a duck! What’s their deal, do they house-train nicely? Do they bite?

*IDK I JUST FREAKED OUT BECAUSE OF ETHICS: PLEASE DON’T PUT OFF A JOB BECAUSE A HOROSCOPE TOLD YOU TO WAIT. IT’S 8:29 A.M. IN NEW YORK BUT 2:29 IN FRANCE. SHOULD I EAT A PIECE OF CHOCOLATE OR NO? SOMEWHERE OVER THE OCEAN, I ATE MY FAIR SHARE OF RAISINETTES, I WILL TELL YOU THAT MUCH.

Mercury is your ruler, poor, sweet Virgo, but since you’re used to it going in and out of retrograde I guess you’ve developed what we call in the pedicure industry “a thick skin.” Anyway, it’s out of town again (probably with a really obnoxious Out of Office) from now until the 22nd. You know the drill: there will be annoying delays and miscommunications, so plan ahead. Leave your apartment earlier for things than you think you need to. Triple check your passport whereabouts. Just leave the shampoo bottles at home; they will explode!

Oo! But here’s something fun: Susan seems to think you might actually enjoy one part of Mercury retrograde: “this period will increase the chance that you will be seeing family members you’ve not see in years. It will be fun reminiscing together.” Okay, not the full thrill I expected but staying in touch with family is a very nice and important thing!

Meanwhile, on the 21st, get ready for ~*~*~*luxury.*~*~*~

That’s what I’m talking about, baby!

Libra
Stinkin’ Mercury will be retrograde from December 3rd to December 22nd, my little Libra. It’s just about all I have to tell you this month, other than the fact that I think you’re nice and you smell good. Try to get all holiday shopping done now even though if you’re reading this, it’s too late (hello, Drake! Our photographer Edith’s handwriting looks like that of this album, by the way — it’s like a font, and it’s amazing). If you, like me, will be shopping up until the last minute, remember that it’s the thought that counts, and nothing says festive cheer quite like giving someone the gift of local pigeon adoption. What you do is you take photos of pigeons, get them printed, then write on the back a fun little fact and hand them out to your loved ones. Pigeons are kind of hard to tell apart so the next time you’re with your newly gifted friend and you spot one, cry, “There’s your bird!!” And they will think, “Man, this Libra pal of mine is so thoughtful.”

On December 19th, Saturn will enter Capricorn for the first time since 1988-1991. That’s either fun or boring depending on what your thing is. In this case, it will center your focus around your living quarters for the next three years. “When Saturn, ‘the great teacher,’ enters any part of the horoscope,” write Susan, “it is time to evolve and take on responsibility that you used to think was beyond your ability to handle.” Okay home decor!

Decorating is expensive, so luckily, you’ll see an uptick in income. Speaking of uptick, December 20th is a great day for vibrating singles. Thanks Venus!

Scorpio
Hi Stingbutt! Missed you. Missed that time the Rock played his iconic, award-winning, career-defining role of Scorpion King, too. Apparently, your sign is known for its street smarts and money savviness. That is so great! Since you’re good with money maybe you, too, can be my human calculator. Scroll up to read the Tauruscope if you’re really procrastinating and would like to bond with a bull. Anyway, because of your skillz, you’re going to be among the few signs who doesn’t have to worry too much this month. I sure hope no non-Scorpions are reading this or they’ll get mad at me.

This is out of order but the 21st is a good day to sign VIP contracts! Or maybe Susan meant Vice President and I made up that “i.” I don’t really know sometimes. It’s a wonder that these get published! Hey pyramids and Tom Selleck’s mustache, how do you feel about that?

Mars will be in Scorpio from December 9th to January 26th, marking “the most important period of 2017 and the New Year 2018” per Susan to tackle your dreams. “Mars will give you courage and a strong drive to succeed, no matter what the goal you choose to tackle. You should take steps during January to get closer to that dream goal – even a baby step would set you off in the right direction at the right time.” How exciting!

Ah, okay, now I see: “Don’t discuss money, career, or contractual details with any VIP on December 21, when Saturn will conjunct the Sun, a hard day to get anything to go your way, especially in regard to financial matters. A far better day would come earlier, on December 15 or 16, when Uranus is close to perfect harmony with the Sun. You can try – no promises!” Susan wrote all of that, thus canceling out entirely what I wrote above. Look, January may or may not be about risk on Man Repeller. December is all about shining the spotlight on things, so let’s just say that maybe these horoscopes are all about opening your eyes beyond the stars!

AHHAHA WHO AM I KIDDING I LIVE OR DIE BY THE MOON, BABY. EVER HEARD OF THE NORTH STAR? YEAH. GO SEE HOW MANY FOLLOWERS SHE HAS ON INSTAGRAM, THEN TELL ME YOU DON’T “FOLLOW” ASTROLOGY.

Bet you’ll wish you believed me now: on the 27th, you’ll fall in love!

Scorpio
Birthday Bug!!! Dustin’s new pet in Stranger Things is making your sign’s scorpion mascot look good, huh? I’ll leave the reference at that, but will say I used to be scared of sand — any sand, really — for fear there was a scorpion waiting to pinch my toe in it and now, in comparison, I think scorpions look like shiny kittens. I hope you eat a lot of birthday cake this month.

If the past year has felt like an overgrown terrarium of messy crap covered in moss then start warming up your weed whacker: it’s gonna change in November. It’s not just going to change, life is going to click into place. Let’s hear from Suz: “As of last month, Jupiter, the giver of gifts and luck, entered Scorpio for the first time in 12 years and is set to stay a full year with you.” There you have it. Not to mention the full moon tonight (Friday the 3rd if you’re reading this fresh after publish) is going to go great things for your sign/complexion.

We all get hit with a retrograde in December so use the time now to get all your holiday shopping done. That includes buying yourself some trinkets. Susan wants you to go shopping (don’t have to tell me twice, am I right) and says that now is a great time for an appearance update if you’ve been feeling stale. It might be time to finally try out The Rachel.

On the 13th, Jupiter makes it such that you’re primed to DTR with a hookup or a business partner in the platonic business deal sense. The weekend before it — 11th and 12th — will be romantic, however. And if you’re single and looking, the 16th’s your lucky telescope. Look for The One, not Jupiter (who’s making this happening by sprinkling “shimmering gold dust” everywhere ) or you’ll get distracted.

You’re charming as hell this month so even if you do get distracted, so be it. Your destiny lover face will find you. Maybe in the sand!

Sagittarius
Ooh I love when Susan is mysterious and vague! So intriguing. Apparently, you’re in the midst(y of Chincoteague — you ever read those books? Shout out to my horse girls who were kind of bored by these books, to be honest, but read on principle, even if the concept of rounding up swimming ponies for an auction would later become a foggy part of where you and your morals stood). Oh would you look at that, I started a sentence then distracted myself then started another one and here we are.

As I was saying: Apparently you’re in the midst of an important project full of sensitive material that could be important to your future. Well newsflash — it’s going GREAT and the outcome will be better. The full moon of November 3rd will help you finish it. Wish I could say the same for finishing these horoscopes!

Can we get real for a second? Not that I’m a figment of your imagination or anything. “Life has not been easy for you,” Susan writes, “because for three years, since December 2014, taskmaster Saturn as pressed down on you, testing you, taunting you, and challenging you to develop your inner strength and resourcefulness. Those continual tests will be over as of next month, December 19th, and by January you will be home free.” Did you just pee a sigh of relief?

The 13th will prove all that career work you’ve been doing was and is worth it. On the 25th, you’ll get the good kind of surprise from Ye Old Planet of Butts. November 18th means you’ll finally be able to breathe. December will be busy AF so set boundaries and decline stuff you know you’ll want to cancel later now. 

But you’ll also have a lot of fun. Accept invitations from friends. When’s the last time you just “hung out”?!

Capricorn
CapricornuMOTHERFUCKIN-COPIA oh my good lord you know how I love to make that November Thanksgiving pun. What even IS a cornucopia beyond an excuse to play with your sign’s name? Cornucopias have always looked like those 90s snacks to me, Bugles? People who search for “Bugles” on Google also searched for “potato chips,” “maize” and “bagel.”

Zoom
I just inserted a rogue screen shot so you can see and I’m scared the Visuals Team is going to yell at me…hopefully Edith and Emily aren’t Capricorns, which you’d think I’d know by heart but I purposefully try not to know my team’s signs to avoid an astrology bias. HEY speaking of Visuals Team did you pick out a Man Repeller print yet? Yes I’m shameless! Let’s keep it moving!!!

You’ve hit the ideal balance between career/money/social/romantic fun. How! What is romantic fun and how is it different from regular romance? You tell me because I am not trying to get into that bedroom with you (although I do appreciate the offer).

Okay. Get stuff done this month because December will be annoying. November 13th is a great day to launch your app or announce something. Your love life is going to be full and wonderful thanks to a kickoff from “bewitching full moon” on November 3rd. “You may even feel that love is transforming you to a new place of the heart and mind” this month, says Susan. AND you’ll be extra magnetic.

You’ll also be hyper-creative, so as friends begin to surround your cozy soul on the 18th thanks to all the Friendsgivings, why not suggest some arts & crafts? Craft can mean craft beer, I guess, if you’d rather not with the scissors.

What a cute month for you! I’m so glad we just went on that journey together.

Aquarius
Aquarius I think you should run home right this instant and start packing a bag then buy a cheap ticket somewhere whether it be bus, train, plane or automobile (please no hitchhiking) or fine, map out something on foot: Susan wants you to travel this month and who can say no to her sweet face?!

You’ve got a full moon today, November 3rd, lighting up your fourth house of home and family. Just pants down, butt in the sky illuminating the weekend evening. How lovely! But when those celestial butt cheeks aren’t there because of the moon cycle or whatever, you’re going to need some light in your home (I love that you still use oil lamps though, so chic and Hamilton of you, even if they aren’t thumbs-upped by your landlord) oh god what am I even typing, I’m lost but the whole point of this sentence was to ask if you wanted to go to West Elm with me sometime soon to check out fucking SCONCES — a word that is dangerously and distractingly close to scones, because like, did someone say scones?

Just work on your home this month is my point, and if you have to move or apartment hunt this November, the experience will actually be an enjoyable one for you. Here’s the caveat: It will suck if you don’t get your to-do list checked off before November 18th. Get your holiday shopping done, too, if you can. The retrograde in December won’t be monumental but it will be annoying.

If you’re able to check off your whole to-do list before November 18th, please tell me how you do it. I am a lost soul, a dithering wanderer in the land of two second attention spans, lately. I think I have lost all muscle memory and self-control when it comes to focusing on the task at hand. Sorry for making your horoscope about me so let’s bring it back to you!

Around the 18th, “a gaggle of heavenly bodies will fill your tenth house of honors, awards.” Gaggle is the same plural geese use, but never mind all that. This news means your career is about to SOAR like a north-bound goose!

Pisces
Not to read your mind but are you thinking about starting some sort of urban farming venture? Cool! Susan wrote something that led me to believe as such if I’m right. As your mom would say, “I’m not a mind-reader.” There is, however, this one candle sitting on my desk that smells delicious.

Susan used the word prudence, which I think is fun and old school! There’s your vocabulary word of the day. Imaginary waffle cones to whomever uses it in a sentence down in the comments section! Susan also says, “Uranus is rebellious and disruptive, and teaches that rules are meant to be broken.” It’s a little off-topic but I  like that! It’s full of fire! The planet of butts is known for surprising people so let’s just say you’ll find yourself surprised this month, if mostly because this here horoscope is telling you literally nothing useful. Go read the full one on AstrologyZone.com, honestly, if you want any semblance of sanity.

Guess what! Speaking of butts: Uranus and Saturn will be collaborate through many months of 2018. I know that’s in the future, but it means that come 2018 the cash is going to start rolling in, so don’t worry if you’re not seeing it come through now.

On the 22nd, Neptune will turn direct after having been retrograde since June 16th. This will allow Neptune to offer clues about what’s next, which is exciting, because it’s almost your month — which means stay tuned like an old school television set for a way more robust report in December.

Excuses excuses, I know. Okay fine, know this: full moon tonight, November 3rd. You’re gonna love the way you look in its light, and enjoy the weekend of the 11th and 12th. It might be so fun that playing hooky on the 13th could be worth it.

Aries
Hello Aries! Or should I say Arie$$$$$$$!

You’ll see a large sum of money arrive November 4th or in the four days that follow the new moon (which is tonight, November 3rd). That’s fun! I wonder if you’re going to win the lotto or come into an unforetold inheritance or something.

Romance will be “warm and affectionate this month” for you, which sounds so sweet, but for some reason it’s reminding me of the politician Carrie Bradshaw briefly dates who later joins the world of advertising by way of a time machine, I guess, who has a pee fetish, which is like, do your thing, but then Carrie, who doesn’t want to pee on him just because it’s not her thing, also no judgement, suggests pouring warm tea over him. See the connection? Because having warm tea poured on you does feel kind of cozy and inviting? They say to pour warm tea on your hair if you want it to be extra shiny, but then again they also make conditioner.

You may get a raise early this month. You’ll be particularly lucky on November 13th (again, think Arie$$$$).

“Your career should be going exceedingly well,” writes Susan, “for Saturn rules your tenth house of fame and honors and has now moved into harmonious angle to Uranus, planet of surprising developments. Uranus is now in Aries, too, for the only time in your life, and will start to move into Taurus in May 2018.” Your professional journey will come to a positive peak in January. Until then, you keep on doing you.

As for love: the 11th, 12th, 13th and 16th are all gonna be super romantic days. The 16th in particular is especially sweet when “Venus will signal Neptune, and together they will twirl together in a dance of love among the stars, and spinning an evening of pure joy.” So fun. I wonder how those two incorporate tea in the bedroom!

Taurus
Hi moo-moos! My friend Ali calls everyone “moo moo chi” and just typing that gave me the warm fuzzies. It’s a cuddly little term of endearment that I hope you start bequeathing to everyone you love, but also, perhaps we can use it as a sun salutation to all our other fellow Tauri. Fine I know, let’s get our ‘scopes started and over with, you are (I am) hungry. Does anyone else eat breakfast, wait a beat and then go, “Okay so when should I eat lunch?”

This month will be sweeter and kinder than the last one and it’s a trend that will move forward into December, but we still have to clean up a lot of the bullshit left over in October.

Also this November, the urge to merge energies! You might propose to someone, ask a new pal on the playground to share half of your peanut butter and jelly sandwich, form a bike posse with your crew to solve other-worldly crime in the upside down, form a partnership with a work person or have a good old-fashion “what are we” conversation while bolstered by liquid courage.

Whoever you link up with, get metaphorically or literally married and take a trip together — even if it’s an emotional journey. On November 18th in particular, the planets are aligned in such a way that the more professional of these partnerships will be lucrative. That doesn’t mean you can’t make money from your new girl or boyfriend. Just look at the wonderful world of Instagram Husbands!

SURPRISE: Workloads will lighten in time to enjoy holidays. Saturn and Uranus will meet in a rare alignment on November 11th (they’ve been stretching all year for this Kama Sutra moment) to take care of your career, don’t worry. And make time for your damn friends on the 22nd.

Gemini
Gemin-hi to you, too! Let’s get this horoscope of yours over with because in November you are all about FOCUS and, unless you’re reading this from your phone whilst on the toilet, this horoscope is likely currently distracting you! It’s okay, it’s distracting me too and I’m the one who’s bound to write it.

As I (literally) just said, focus this month: you’re doing great and set to earn a lot of money. I know horoscopes say that a lot, and then the next month comes and you’re like, so where’s my money, but just consider that sometimes things get put into motion without us realizing it, the effect to come later in life. Anyway, even if you open up an adult lemonade stand or whatever the autumnal equivalent is — tea stand? PSL stand? Starbucks? — then you’ll have a little extra cha-ching in your pocket. Or just look under your couch! I’m rambling but what else is new, have you met me?

…Good god, if you haven’t and this is your first horoscope reading experience on Man Repeller I beg you to tell me what it’s like, and welcome to your friendly band of celestial weirdo friends. Your sign is actually getting off the hook easy this month in terms of the Stranger Things I’ve said. (If you read all the signs then that’s three Stranger Things references and counting. Good luck with the math though because I write these from the top and the bottom and then work my way inward. How do you eat your Oreos/Reese’s?

Single? Mars is lighting up your love sector the weekend of November 11th-12th. On November 16th, when Venus and Neptune align, you may be on TV. This is also a good time to have your passport photo taken, fun fact.

You’re likely to start up a workout regime on the 18th. Finally, “affectionate, warm romance” will bring “lovely balance to the strong daily communication you will be giving your work.” That’s work/life balance, son/daughter. Oh and hang out with your friends more, especially the 24th-26th.

Cancer
“You should adore November,” Susan cold-opens. On the one hand, on your behalf, I’m like, Don’t tell me what to do, Susan. On the other hand, I’m like, Just kidding, that’s exactly why I read horoscopes.

Apparently there’s a super fun social event this weekend. You should go even though I get the urge to want to stay home. You can stay home on a rainy day but today is not the day! It’s the weekend! You might fall in love! The way Venus and Jupiter are aligning next weekend, however (November 11th through the 12th) romantic connections are really going to grow. Susan says that, “‘[i]f you met someone interesting online, choose November 13 as your day to have a first meeting in a pretty public setting.” She’s so modern, isn’t she? If you’re going to meet over FaceTime first, here’s a millennial guide to virtual dating.

Your biggest moment for love this month is on the 18th, when the new moon appears in Scorpio. Can you please give me an update on all of this down in the comments section? I’d love a little goss between friends on this Friday where working really feels like a thorn in my ass.

You’ll be super creative at work this month. Don’t be shy about voicing your opinion to clients, and since you’ve got the magical syncing up of Saturn and Uranus, break out the whiteboard and prepare for the best brainstorm you’ve had in a while.

OMG. I DID NOT MAKE ONE CRAB REFERENCE YET! HELLO CRAB!  HELLO PINCHY LITTLE PAWS!  HAVE A GREAT NOVEMBER!

Leo
LEO HOW EXCITED ARE YOU ABOUT THE LION KING LIVE ACTION EXTRAVAGANZA THAT WILL FEATURE BEYONCÉ AS NALA? We have talked about this movie before, I would assume! You’re the jungle cat of the sky! Fun fact: I had a bootleg cartoon version of Disney’s The Lion King on a sketchy VHS that my aunt bought for me and about halfway in you just had to sit through the messed up part where the film would turn all blue and wibbly, like how Kiera Knightly describes her wedding video in Love, Actually. 

“You career will create magnificent fireworks on November 3/4,” writes Susan, but she does not mean platform Nine and Three Quarters, she means the 3rd and the 4th. She very well could have written that out the proper way and that backslash thing was my own doing in taking notes, but that’s the price you pay for poor penmanship. Ask a Virgo about it; they’re working on their new signature flourishes as we speak with a calligraphy pen. It’s arts & crafts month here in the horoscopes section!!!

If you’ve been interviewing for a job you’ll hear back soon, and Susan is pretty certain you’ll have a reason to celebrate.

Another thing to think about this month is how to improve your living conditions — the fun, cozy home stuff. Start nesting like the baby bird you are not. What would we call nesting for lions? Den-ing? You’ll make a great design choice on the 13th, so if you’re looking for a new headboard…

In fact, home is going to be your happy place until November 2018, so enjoy the Martha Stewart bug. As for love, Saturn is FINALLY leaving Sagittarius and your house of love in December, so not to give you spoiler alerts, but your love life is one month away from changing for the better.

Virgo
Hi Virgoo Goo Dolls! They played at my school once. Does anyone ever care when I tell them that? No. What was your favorite terrible easy listening band from your mom’s favorite radio station?

Susan says you have excellent communication skills — no doubt there — and that this month those skills will be “in hot demand.” They’ll lead to long-term job security, which is really nice. What else?

The full moon of November 3rd and 4th will make your work more creative than usual. I wonder if that means that, in addition to the vast expansion of your no-doubt already remarkable creative skills, you’ll begin to add a flourish to everything you write with a pen, like a star instead of a dot on all i’s. That seems fun. No one does that anymore.

Your “creativity will be simulated to a high order” says Susan, which either sounds like someone’s coffee order after an all-nighter or a setting on a vibrator, so think about the projects you’d like to be given and go over them. Look, the sentences and thoughts don’t need to connect so long as you’re connecting the dots (sorry, stars) in your own life and following a true-to-you-path, right? I like to type what comes out of my brain, not what comes out of the English book. As such, everyone who reads this is lucky this isn’t a triple word repeat a la you-know-who’s mom in Stranger Things (no spoilers) featuring: Coach Taylor, Butter, Horses. Definitely do not connect those you sicko.

Travel before the winter holidays, please! The most fun weekend will be the one of November 11th and 12th. You’ll take on more responsibility at work on the 18th, which leads to you shining, and last but not least, shop now. We’ve got a retrograde in December but you could lose your glove in a department store or something.

Libra
Luke Skywalker Libra, all of November is going to rule for you but the absolute BEST day will be November 13th when, more or less, you’ll have the luck of the universe in your hands and all your wildest dreams will come true. Venus, your guardian planet (per Suz), is more or less hooking up with “Good Fortune” Jupiter, as they call him on stage. This only happens once a year — home for the holidays hook up, you get it — and when it happens, it means your sign is primed to do all sorts of great things, including signing a money making contract.

There’s a full moon on November 3rd that everyone likes, and its happy effects will have a nice trickle down effect over the course of the month, but it’s the new moon on the 18th that will really get your juices flowing. It will be “the moment you awaited all year” according to my girl.

You’ll also have Jupiter in the second house of earned income, which likely means a raise or the promise of one.

After the new moon you’re going to want to go into high gear: Update your resume, begin the job hunt, make sure you have a professional blazer that fits your shoulders for interviews. Before then, however, you can just chill. Seriously! There’s no point in not relaxing before that point because the stars say so. Like Dr. Phil, they’re “giving you permission” to relax.

Romantically, Mars is in Libra all month giving you a sexy glow. I heard Rihanna’s beauty line can do that, too? But for sure she’s a celestial being, so it feels right. I’ll be getting my glow from a turkey coma, I can tell you that much. I don’t even really like turkey. For me, it’s all about the stuffing and cranberry sauce at midnight. I’m about to go off on a sandwich rant so why don’t I leave you while we’re ahead? Happy November, friend! Feel free to start a wild debate about whether or not you hate soup in the comment section!

Libra
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVELY LIBRA. Something I would like to know immediately is whether or not you make your birthday party Halloween-themed or if you hate Halloween because it intrudes on your birthday before the month even begins thanks to eager-ass Walgreens at the corner of Happy and Chill-the-Fuck-Out.

“Your chart is complex at the moment,” Susan writes in such a way that’s a little bit like, “so don’t mind me if this horoscope is messy.” OMG SUSAN I WOULD NEVER! I didn’t mean you were messy, I meant astrology and also, love/life in gen.

But anyway, apparently, Venus, your ruler, “is cozying up to her lover, Mars, in the most hidden part of your chart.” Susan should write romance novels, no? What this means is you’re focus is going to be on one relationship all month. It could be work-related or friendly but I think we all know we just want to discuss the horizontal Cupid’s shuffle. You may be enticed by the bum of another. You may meet The One over a stack of avocados at the supermarket. Or, if you’re currently wrapped up in the throes of passion, the love will strengthen. I’m not gonna lie, this is a very liberal interpretation of what Susan actually wrote because my reading comprehension is at a level 2 on a scale of 12 today. You know those days. Here’s what I did read: Mars in Libra will give you courage on October 12th, and you’ll be “a money magnet.” Get ready to feel rich on the 26th, swish, swish.

Scorpio
*We have to whisper because it’s Libra’s birthday and I already feel a little guilty that I’ve made such a big deal about Halloween when it’s her birthday but guess what, sting butt? It’s your turn to be the celestial favorite!

“You’ve waited a long time for a break from the heavy load you’ve been carrying in life,” Susan writes, “and finally, from this month on, you’ll see a near-permanent change for the better in all parts of your life. Jupiter by your side for a year now. The seeds you plant this coming twelve months will forge the way to a new cycle of prosperity.” Like!!! You’re not just about to skyrocket in every which way, you are also about to open a sustainable urban farm?! Can’t wait for the subsequent opening of your organic restaurant that serves sprouts family style on a wooden table. Don’t get mad if I ask about Heinz ketchup “instead of this beet ketchup stuff,” because sugar is a drug and it’s not my fault.

Jupiter is going to help you find love this month. Because Jupiter can’t actually physically introduce you to anyone because Jupiter is a planet, guys, LOL! Jupiter is going to do some planet magic that brings you together with some new, fancy ass friends (whoopee for shishi!) who run in the same circle with your future love. It’s all very Metropolitan, and don’t forget who gets the girl in the end!

You only get this kind of Jupiter luck every 12 years so play this song on repeat and enjoy it to the fullest.


Sagittarius
Assuming you paused for the Train song above before coming here, tell me, half-horse-half-human with a lustrous tail growing out of your butt (listen, I’m the biggest hypochondriac I know and the answer is still no, I don’t think you should worry about that. Just be sure to condition it regularly. Also who else remembers these?): Did you watch the new TRL? Bet you didn’t see that question coming, mostly because who in her right mind could have followed that wind up?

Since I’m assuming you came here for your horoscope in addition to a subconscious stream of rambling, you’re going to kick off this month with lots of praise for a job well done. Let me start: GOOD JOB! But seriously! Sometimes we need to know we’re doing great work beyond the paycheck that arrives each month. Speaking of checks, if your funds feel low, don’t panic, blame Pluto, and Susan swears this is a temporary feeling that will likely jumpstart a sharp rise to mad money.

Ooo and this is fun: There’s a lot of romance predicted up ahead for you. Maybe it’s the alternative butt plugs I linked to above, maybe it’s the new moon of the 19th, maybe it’s all of the above, and I am just as shocked as you are that there’s no Uranus joke to be had in here. Oh! And if you have a crush on your doctor or something, the 26th, the luckiest day of the year (it’s either year or month, can’t remember but Susan says it to all the signs so I guess I’m gonna accidentally lie to everyone), is the best time to visit her. You’re gonna get a bunch of great news or something. Bring me back lollipops.

Capricorn
Hold on to your horns, capri-candy-corns, because Susan Thriller Miller believes this to be the perfect time to go on vacation, and why not?! FOLIAGE! Upstate?! Apple picking!!! Don’t forget that even a jaunt outside your usual routine counts as a getaway and can refresh your brain. But oh god, I feel it coming: cinnamon doughnuts. Is anyone else hungry? Does anyone else lack the ability to be productive without a bag of peanut M&Ms? I picked up that habit back when I used to work at Ralph Lauren. DM me if you’d like to talk about my cable knit glory days. Anyway, get out of town, and I mean that literally.

Your home is going to be of focus, which is fun because it’s such a cozy month to begin to nest. It’s sunny outside so you’re not all bummed out, but it’s starting to get chilly (unless you’re in NYC because it was a casual creepy 80 degrees yesterday) so you don’t mind staying in and getting snuggly. Fast poll time! Are you the big spoon or are you the little spoon or are you spoon-fluid?

“You are considered the most ambitious of all signs and you are known to need to see steady, continual professional advancement,” said Susan. (You, like: “Tru.”) So guess what? You will.

Want another quote from her since I am genuinely saying nothing? “From this month on, now that Jupiter is moving into Scorpio for a little over a year beginning October 10, 2017 to November 8, 2018, socializing will become fun, and, at the same time, help you get ahead in your profession.” Win, win! Sounds like you’re throwing this year’s corporate Halloween party to me!

Aquarius
You, my friend, are on the verge of a major career breakthrough. Susan says it’s unlike anything you’ve seen in 10 years, which is so exciting, and more than anything, I want to know what you plan for your new business cards to look like. People don’t hand out business cards anymore! Everyone loves a business card! And aren’t you always so impressed when someone does? Unless it’s a slimy dude at a bar who thinks he’s being slick by handing you his card when we all have cellphones and know how to stalk a man on Instagram without the help of your patronizing giveaway information on card stock, thankyouverymuch, when a person hands you a business card it’s like, holy shit, this person has her shit together.

“Jupiter, the great good fortune planet, is heading to your tenth house of honors, awards, and achievement on October 10, in a rare, thirteen-month visit, to stay in your prestigious career sector until November 8, 2018.” Doesn’t that sound fun? Pack me in your suitcase and take me with you! Susan thinks that in addition to making business cards, this is the time to travel (foliage season!), study something that you’ve been interested in a while, or file a trademark. Maybe you have a catchphrase that you need to charge money on if others want to use it. Do it! Make that money! Even more impressive would be your ability to not annoy others by having a trademark catchphrase and a fancy business card, but whatever, hater’s gonna hate. You’ll be super lucky on the 26th, especially, so I say do whatever the fuck you want.

Pisces
Are those gold scales all over your fishy body or are they coins to represent all the MONEY YOU ARE MAKING! I’m taking liberties here because I think what Susan wrote is you’ll have money on your mind this month, but in the great words of Snoop, “I’ve got my mind on my money and my money on my mind,” which roughly translates to, “If you ask for a raise and someone says ‘later,’ remember that ‘later’ does not mean ‘never.'” Susan gets credit for the single quotes inside that bigger quote. I so loved the Snoop x Susan collab but am devastated I missed the pop-up.

Fuck the 19th. That’s all I’ll say. I’ll also say that Susan says to stay alert and blame Uranus.

What else? Ugh, I don’t know, Pisces, sometimes these horoscopes are so long that I pass out and wake up hoping someone else wrote them for me, so allow me to take some poetic liberties: you will get everything you have ever hoped and dreamed of in friendship, family and love. Isn’t that what they tell us is the greatest wealth of all???

Aries
Not to sound like your dad but with Pluto and Mars in perfect sync, now is a great time to prove your worth!!! You know it. I know it. Your dad knows it. But sometimes you gotta dump out that way-too-early cornucopia your Joann Fabrics-loving roommate stacked on top of your area-where-we-decorate-according-to-the-seasons-table and use it as a microphone to shout to the world that, “HEY WORLD! I HAVE WORTH!” I mean, seriously! Fuck modesty. You rule and I think the people in the back need to hear it.

Here’s something scandalous! With sneaky Mars in Venus you very well may have a work hook-up. It will feel clandestine but you’re smart and I’m sure you’ll figure out how to make it HR-approved. On the 19th you’ll experience some relationship differences with either your Someone or someone (relationships are nice and broad, isn’t that fun, no one can tell you you’re not in one!) but I promise it’s nothing a nap can’t solve.

By the 22nd, you’ll have more time with your ride-or-die. I picture you two with you in the saddle of a motorcycle and your ride-or-die riding in one of those sidecars in a scarf like Snoopy in his airplane. Is anything wrong with my brain, or is it just that everything is right with yours? The latter! Speaking of climbing ladders, you’ll be thrilled about your finances mid-month. Thank Jupiter and the heavens. Then feel free to take me to the mall and buy me a biscuit! (At the very least.)

Taurus
You know what they say, sky-cows: ass, gas or grass, no one rides for free.

Raise your hoof in the air if you grew up in SF and remember that bumper sticker. It doesn’t mean anything if you didn’t or don’t because I am just rambling, really! Biding time, simultaneously procrastinating while working without checking email. Really, when I write these, it’s like, 3,000 words of me talking to myself. What is that, though, if not a diary? How come it’s totally normal to write a diary but the moment you talk to yourself out loud it’s considered a sign of instability?

I’ll tell you what’s not unstable: this is the month of love.

“Venus and her romantic partner Mars will cozy up together in your fifth house of true love on the full moon of October 5,” writes Susan. “Be sure to be out and about if you’re single – a blind date might set off exciting sparks.” I’ll set you up if you want. “If attached, celebrate the love you have for each other on this rare day.” That’s also Susan. I love the idea of a “We love each other, come party” celebration — outside a wedding, that is. Or an engagement party. Why not just THROW a party? If you are engaged, WOO HOO: I’m so glad it’s engagement photo season.

Mars is in our romantic sector until the 22nd which doesn’t just mean make-outs and double entendres: it’s baby-making time, baby. Don’t worry: something creative can be your baby, too. I think the cool thing about a creative baby is that it doesn’t poop as much? Or so they say. Ask me at the end of this page.

Gemini
Hey black leotard wearing, upright barrette-having dancing double emoji girls of the celestial signs! I know you’re one person but I just love your duality. You’re going to focus on decor this month — what a time to think in color schemes and themes. I’m so jealous. Feel free to come over to my apartment and help me. October is also a great time to throw a house party, or an apartment party, depending on your geographical location. I’ll come if you invite me, and I’m a great guest because I always bring wine and food. I get nervous about casual parties running out of both so I essentially come prepared and then hide my supplies under the bed where all the coats go.

Mars will enter your true love sector on October 22nd until December 9th, for all you single ladies (you know I hate when wedding deejays play “Single Ladies” at the bouquet toss so much that this song is actually ruined for me but like, your astrological sign as described above also looks like that music video, no?)

Even if you’re recently broken up with, you too will have luck in love this month. You’re also going to get super healthy and fit — share an ab with me, won’t you? And I think I have the news for you, which I saved for last — news so great I’ve never said anything so wonderful to another sign in all my years translating Susan Miller’s horoscopes into insanity:

Your planetary alignment is such that this is the IDEAL time to get a pet!!!!!!!

Cancer
Good thing you’re not a salmon, crab, because now is not the time to swim upstream. Quite the opposite: you’re getting read to travel!!! Assign a babysitter for your pants and take your kids to the grandparents, or vice-versa, whoever has the better television and Wifi setup. This getaway is for you to truly getaway, to explore, restore and eat all you want at that all-you-can-eat-buffet.

The vacation (whatever it ends up being, even if it’s this cool new resort called I Didn’t Leave My Apartment All Weekend — 5 star rating!!!) will tickle your creativity in the armpits and cause it to soar to reach new heights. At work, people competing with you will be aggressive, but with your recharged battery, you can and will be able to handle it. Deep breaths, eat chips.

Just when you thought it couldn’t get better!

“Jupiter, the giver of gifts and luck, will move into your true love sector for the first time since late 2005 though late 2006. Jupiter will be calling in Cupid and his fleet of angels for your benefit now through next year, November 2018.” If that’s not a reason to celebrate with a trip, at least, to see the leaves changing and cram at least a hundred cider doughnuts in your pocket, then honestly, I don’t know what is.

Leo
Hello big-wigged kitten! It’s been a while since I’ve quoted the great Kelly Clarkson to you, but in the words of her eternal highlights, “What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger,” which means that when you experience some work turbulence this month, buckle the seatbelt of your metaphorical life airplane and kindly ask the flight attendant to throw you the shaker for another martini — you’re fine to DIY and you don’t want him standing up during the bumpy bits in the name of your stiff drink. But like, you do deserve one, and whatever “it is,” so long as it’s not an evil clown named It who I THOUGHT we put to bed, cinematically speaking, you will defeat this.

I’d stay the fuck away from red balloons if I were you though. Goldfinger, don’t you dare play that song right now.


Damnit.

ANYWAY. Susan time since I am out of my mind and being of zero help to, so far, 11 signs including yours! “Jupiter, the giver of gifts and luck, will move into Scorpio and your fourth house of home and family, making this the very best part of your chart from now, October 10, 2017 through November 8, 2018.” (Deep breath because that was a long one, then let’s continue.) “Indeed, you will be the most favored of all signs for seeing major improvements in your living quarters.” Oh cool, you’re decorating, too? Let me know if you want to go to the Container Store together. I hate their shelves but man do they weirdly have great staging sweaters.

Two more things: the 18th is a great time to travel and the 26th will be the best day ever.

Virgo
VIRGO YOU CUTE ANGEL!!!! Did you have the best birthday month ever? I sure hope so. Let’s start with the best news by Suz first, which is that the 26th will be the luckiest day of the year, and I thought it would be nice for you to have something to look forward to IN ADDITION TO YOUR BRIGHT-ASS FUTURE.

If you’re one of those highly motivated entrepreneurial types (Oh my gourd, you are?? It’s almost like the stars predicted this) then you’re going to have a project crystalized really soon. It might have happened on the 5th, actually, so let me know that yes/no down in the comments below and if it hasn’t happened yet keep plugging away on the old whiteboard because success is really, really close. It’s also okay if you’re not entrepreneurial!!! You’ll be super successful as well.

Perhaps more important than career success is Halloween. “Halloween this year has the transiting moon in Pisces,” writes Susan. “Be sure to make the costumes this year highly imaginative. If you want to win first prize for your costume, you’ll need to start designing yours early on because the competition will be fierce – and fun.” Are you laughing because you’ve had your costume planned for months already? It’s like she thinks we’re amateurs or something. Meet you at the table where the winners of the costume contest go to win all their money.

Speaking of! Jupiter, the giver of gifts and luck, will enter Scorpio for the first time in twelve years, and on October 10th, Jupiter is ALSO going to do great things for your house of communication. See, this is what I MEAN! It’s here where you’ll really begin to feel the spark of your words and your brain and your creativity. Maybe you’re buzzed off sugar, Virgo, but I’d bet that more than anything, you’re just stoked to watch yourself THRIVE!

Virgo
Throw your hands and your tights-covered legs in the air at the same time and why not, some confetti too! It’s your birthday (!!!!!!!!!), Mercury is out of retrograde (!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) and your eyeballs are finally just starting to feel normal after looking at the eclipse through those special glasses (!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!). You can now stop Google-searching, “did I break my eyes!” Just because Mercury has more vacation days than any other planet and has finally decided to join us on planet Earth again, like thank you, does not mean you’re totally in the clear when it comes to signing papers and buying Tamagotchis. Mercury’s not stable yet and neither am I.

A good time to do this, though, is the 15h, when Venus and Jupiter are in sync and also when you’ll get rich.  September 9th is excellent for boring admin stuff, too. Sorry for not going in chronological order and making no sense in general.

On the 19th, we get a new moon in Virgo, which is so exciting because everyone loves a commando butt in repose and also because this will be your “big moment” of the month. Susan writes the following:

“An entire entourage will be assembled, including the Sun, new moon Mars, Venus, and Mercury in Virgo, to celebrate your birthday. These little twinkling stars represent half the solar system – lots of energy at your disposal. Here is your chance to take the vibrations and direct them in any way you please. You only get one new moon a year in your sign, so don’t let this one pass without outstretching your arms to reach to capture a dream dear to you.”

Ok!!!!!!

Now, if you have been in search of your perfect ginger soulmate or WHATEVER your type may be, the answer is yes, Virgo, the planets will align. It’s a great month for love (whether you’re single, “thing-ing” or fully betrothed) because Mars and Venus are in your sign. The best weekends for a dance floor make-out that could turn into so much more are that of September 9th-10th and 15th-17th. The start of October will be good, too. Get ready for some spooky shit!

Libra
Personally, I’m not all the way against flower crowns. If you change their context I quite like them. It’s fucking rad to put a bouquet on your head and act normal about it. Better than a flower crown, of course, is a celestial crown, and sweet soup Libra, like the sunglasses you just spent 15 terrifying minutes searching for, you’re wearing it. Thank Jupiter, giver of gifts and luck, for thinking of you while spending time in Your First House, a super exclusive celestial boutique that never has sales, is open at typically inconvenient times because it’s so chic, specializes in crowns and rules your deepest desires. You’ve gotta pass the crown on by October 10th so take advantage of it now.

Here’s what you can look forward to while wearing it:

“VIPS” will pay attention to you at work (vampires in puberty and very important persons alike) which means your hard work will not only be noticed but will likely aid in your career rise. Related or not but likely related, you’re scheduled to make more money this month — but thank yourself. You’ve been planting seeds for quite some time and for damn ONCE, no deers, although they are so cute, came and ate your bulbs when you weren’t looking.

The first half of September is ideal for fun and love. The 15th through the 17th will be super romantic, too. The 19th is excellent to sign up for a volunteer program.

Toward the end of the month, catch your breath and meditate. There’s a big theme of health and healing in your sign around this time, so make appointments to see your doctor, your therapist, your elliptical machine. Dare I say…get ready to get back on track?

Scorpio
The bathroom in our office is not working!!!

In other news, you’re due for a thrilling romance in early September whether you’re smitten or single. This person may stay in your life forever so make sure you don’t hate the way they breathe. You’ll be super popular with “higher-ups” this September, and the reason that is important is because HELLO THEY CAN BE LIKE, “HEY SCORPIO, WOULD YOU LIKE TO RULE THIS CASTLE WITH ME AND GET LOTS OF CAREER FAME AND RECOGNITION AND SHOOT THROUGH GLASS CEILINGS?”

Even if you got a promotion at the end of August (Did you?? Girl!), September will begin to show the changes of your new job. It can take a while to get settled in, or to feel like you made the right decision. If you didn’t hear anything about whatever I’m talking about yet, you might. Or you might not! Horoscopes lie accidentally but I know you and you smell like you’ve got success written all over you in permanent marker. (You don’t though, I’d tell you. Would be bad manners not to. Also you don’t actually smell like that because permanent markers smell weird, it was a METAPHOR OKAY? Who keeps hitting the caps lock?!)

Schedule interviews on the 19th if you’ve been thinking about them (or anything important like this) and sign up to volunteer! Lotta shit going on in that world. The planets can feel you searching for a way to take action. Get ready for social invitations to come through this day, too.

Out of order but whatever, Uranus will boost your reputation on the 18th and bring you a generous reward. Some call this a pooputation and others don’t.

~*Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to mourn the loss of a terrible joke Amelia made about Uranus, as well as her sanity.*~

Sagittarius
This may be your best month of 2017 says Susan the Thriller Miller! And how do you take your eggs????

Kick this month off with a bit of travel if you can — even if it’s just an hour away to go pick apples or your nose or whatever it is you do in your autumnal dreams. You’ll be too busy later in the month so fit in your trips to the fall foliage now, except for the 15th through the 17th, that is. That would be an excellent time to play life hooky and visit a spa. Ask them to dry brush you whilst you nap, to foam roll you while you sleep, to massage your buttocks while you dream and to put some damn seaweed on your face. You deserve it and I’m hungry!

On September 9th, Mercury will enter Virgo and actually be a group participant for once (HELLO MERCURY, HOW NICE OF YOU TO JOIN US. YOU KNOW THAT YOU STILL HAVE A TOWEL WRAPPED AROUND YOUR HEAD AND THERE IS A CUCUMBER ON YOUR EYE, RIGHT?). During this same time, the other planets in your prestigious career sector are going to high-ho-heave your ass up to the top of the corporate ladder.

Today is one of those days where I cannot remember how to spell!

Oh hey look, here comes Venus on the 19th, just in time to attend the “party of planets in your prestigious honors and awards sector, moving in from deep space,” as Susan writes. (We called this an orgy back in my day.) This will increase your power, your popularity, your Spotify playlists. It’s going to rule. Your career is going to go from Mark Zuckerberg in his dorm room being like, “Why do I always have this ominous Trent Reznor score stuck in my head and a bad feeling about Justin Timberlake,” to “Holy shit, I founded Facebook!!!”

Speaking of things that are cooler than a million dollars: On September 28th, you’re going to get rich!

Capricorn
Do I use exclamation points too much or is there no such thing? Maybe that’s a rhetorical question, because like, would you ever tell Jennifer Grey to stop running at people in full force then leaping over their heads in the hopes they’ll catch her? No and no.

Apparently September always goes well for you. That’s nice! Honestly, everyone acts so scared about the start of September and then two days later we’re all like, “Oh my god I love cable knits and cocoa and how did I ever talk shit about a brisk chill?”

Your career is showing signs of growth and it is getting stronger. The 15th is what my BFF Susan Miller likes to call a “gold star day,” meaning all good things that surround your job and your bank account and your life trajectory will shine. Arrows will point you in the right directions, things will finally come through that you were waiting on and no one will act passive aggressively toward you by the copy machine. (Other great career days are September 9th, 17th and 18th.)

I just ate a honey mustard Kind Bar and it is burning my mouth in the best way, like a spicy margarita, but let me tell you: Your horoscope would be way more fun if I were instead drinking a spicy margarita. Sorry if you’re asleep.

Susan wrote something about Mars, “the action hero of the zodiac,” hanging out in your solar ninth house (jeez, must be nice — did you hit it big in the stock market in the 90s or something?). It’s important because Mars never hangs out in this house. Anyway, then Mercury goes into Virgo on the 9th and Venus comes along on the 19th, all of which is going to make you chase a dream that’s close to your heart and then succeed!

You’ll also get a boost of energy around this time and I don’t mean gas. Use it wisely.

Aquarius
“If last month and all of these eclipses have been about getting you outside of your comfort zone, the next few months are going to be your straight shot to begin tackling these plans. GET BACK ON TRACK! No reason to wait.” <-Something weird just happened — and it has happened to me while writing these before — but I can’t remember if Susan Miller wrote this or I did, and I don’t have time to check, so I am going to put quotes around it, give her credit, pray for the best and then consider that there are better ways to recap your horoscopes, but for now, why troubleshoot the messenger?

Money-focused month, so I take that to mean you’re going to make a ton of it or at least get better at saving it. Heavy on the management part here. (September 5th: Cha ching! September 19th: Cha ching!), outlook improves 21st, thanks magic 8 ball, but don’t sign papers during this time and blame Neptune. Money 28, 29.

You will be very determined to find new source of income and, by George, you won’t stop until you do.

I am not happy that Neptune is again playing a role, this time opposing Mercury, the ruler of Virgo (the place all the planets are based), so I feel you have to avoid signing contracts anywhere near this new moon, September 21st. If you can, try to get the paperwork delivered BEFORE the new moon arrives, and consider signing September 15th, your best moment. I also like September 12th very much.

Venus and Mars will be orbiting very close in your house of other people’s money at the very end of the month, to conjoin on October 4th. I feel these two lovebirds may bring you news of a gift or money coming to you on September 28th or 29th. Let’s hope that happens!

When Pluto goes direct on September 28th, you will see your career start to show much bigger progress. I like the new moon of November 18 in your house of fame and honors. Start to get your ducks in a row and be ready to interview after November 18th when a juicy professional opportunity is likely to come to you.

“Romantically, this month (and in August) more than any other time in recent memory, how things will go depend heavily on how your relationship has been going all along in recent months. Your best weekend will be the one that spans Friday, September 15th to Sunday, September 17th.”

Better prospects next month if you’re single.

Pisces
Susan is out of control with your long-ass horoscope. Susan, I love you so much, but if the summary is three pages long, you are not summarizing! So honestly Pisces, lord knows what I missed because I skimmed that shit like a butterfly net in a green pond. In the same way one might with my vacuuming technique, assume I got the “big chunks.”

It’s a great money month for you. The 9th is excellent for shining in important meetings thanks to Venus and Saturn’s alignment, which makes absolutely no sense since that’s a Saturday, so let’s assume that the Friday prior and the Monday after will be great too, and that anyone you happen to “meet with” i.e. run into, drink nearby or smile at on Saturday will bring brilliant career omens and good juju and all of that. Networking, people! It’s about networking.

Susan made a funny Star Wars reference: “Be persuasive – the force is with you.” Do you think Uranus joke in Scorpio’s horoscope will be equally as iconic/embedded forever into our cultural lexicon?

…Okay back to your bank account! The 15th is a great time to make money. The 17th is, too! You’re forming partnerships this month. Everything is strategic without being calculated. And in terms of relationships that involve friends and love dancers, “Venus will arrive in Virgo and your partnership house starting September 9 until October 14,” which means that all of your pairings-up will be smooth and wonderful.

We’ve got a full moon on the 19th (YES I am almost done) and here’s why you should care: “The actions you take in the days that follow this new moon on September 19 in regard to the forming of a serious one-on-one relationship [work, romantic or otherwise] will have the power to change your life for a long time, possibly forever.” She means for the better. I know her/these things.

Aries
Well apparently, “two eclipses came by in August to light your houses of romance, children, leisure, and friendship. This suggests changes are in the air in your personal life, and you seem to be adjusting remarkably well.” LMK if that’s true.

Spend the beginning of September outside in the sunshine and fresh air. Now is the time to daydream about what’s next, and I don’t know about you, but we never picnic anymore! You get the pepperoni and I’ll get the overpriced cheeses. Someone else can bring the wine. Make this a party where no one talks but instead we all get flat on our backs and stare up at those oft-overlooked clouds. I mean, something’s gotta manifest!

Speaking of shit that sounds romantic, the first few September days that have already passed (SORRY) were all about finding love. Think about every person you ran into in the past few days because life can be way more of a romcom than we realize and you never know when that person who you bumped into on the train and gave the bird to could turn out to be The One, capital T, capital O. If there’s just no way you met even a someone yet, Venus will be in your true love sector until September 19th, so you have time. IF YOU WANT TIME! You may be running around in all your single glory. Or you may be wrapped up in a bed sheet already, but I don’t want to pry, even though I do.

Your horoscope literally predicts love and fun on the 15th and the 17th, and that is more or less all Susan Miller wrote (by which I mean, all I read), but if love and fun aren’t the two of greatest things on this planet, ones that matter way more than money or Mercury’s vacation dates, then I don’t know who I am anymore. And I do. I’ve had a very existential summer and I’m good now, thanks.

The weekends of September should glitter for you, by the way, and as with all glitter, it will refuse to come off for quite some time. Then you’ll start to find it in your bed, in your hairbrush…

Taurus
Fellow bulls with shaggy celestial coats, take a deep breath in through your nostrils and let your belly protrude, all filled up with air. Doesn’t that smell good? It should: it’s the “fresh, soft atmosphere” that will be there all September (not to mention that crisp as fuck and very delicious autumnal air).

Like Aries, we are also having a “fun and love” month! I love this theme because it sounds like something a second grade group project came up with.

If you’re invited to any sort of event, go, even though I know we’ve become quite lazy and homebody-ish of late. These events will be good for us because we need to make sure we are socializing, networking and mostly because we get annoyed at those texts that say things like, “U alive?” For fucks sake, Frank. How would I be able to read your text if I weren’t? Sorry if you’re a ghost and that’s offensive, please don’t haunt me. (I am a little bit convinced my new building is slightly spooky but I think it’s all good vibes, nothing like living my life over here praying for zero HJO Moments, though. An HJO Moment is a Haley Joel Osmond moment of Sixth Sense fame, and if you didn’t watch that movie every day when you were in fifth grade then what did you even do at your sleepovers?)

Hey! What do you say we change the subject? Decorate your home on the 19th. Before that, throw a party on the 15th. I know the inclination is to have the party after you decorated but do you really want people to crunch Cheese-its into your new rug? Err, no, didn’t think so, Snackson Pollock. If you’re not in love yet, you may find it on the 15th.

In fact, all of September seems to be pretty heavy on the romance. Love and weddings, love and weddings. Must be all that pumpkin spice. Pumpkin spice is the new aphrodisiac, sorry oysters. I’ll still eat you, though.

Gemini
Of all the people getting back on track, Gemini, you’re eyes are straight ahead at your career. You don’t miss summer at all! And if you do, denial is fun for everyone. Beyond your clear upward trajectory and the fact that you’re going to hit all sorts of work-related milestones this month, you’re going to think a lot about style. Yes! It’s a stylish month for you, which makes sense I guess because think of all the fashion-famous twins like Tia and Tamera Mowry and Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen. It’s also fashion week, so how apropos. Speaking of the Mowrys, did you know that visors are trending? Speaking of the Olsens, did you know that giant bags were trending? Oh yes I did link to the same story twice. Try and stop me — I’m a mad woman!

There’s going to be an emphasis on your public life this September, per Susan. Maybe you’re going to post more to Instagram. Maybe you’re going to wind up on television. I don’t know because the world really is your pumpkin spice latte, which is the new oyster according to what I wrote in Taurus. One would think that I wrote this round drunk but I did not. It was a very sober horoscope writing session and Dear Haley may just hate me more for it because I think these are longer than usual. I would like a nap though!

I’m babbling like a boring best man’s speech, so let’s hand the mic over to Susan for a moment. She writes: “The new moon of September 19th will set off a cascade of opportunity. From that date on, you will have Venus (to beautify), Mars (to give you motivation), Mercury (to collect estimates and ideas), plus the Sun (where you shine), and new moon (opportunity), all in Virgo in your house of home.”

Cool.

You’re going to travel from the 15th to the 17th and you will not lose your passport. Always a great thing. Oh! And use the end of the month as an excuse to entertain your friends. You never know who you could meet, or meat. If there’s one reason to throw a party, it’s to require that all your guests bring a plate of pigs in a blanket: the only food that matters.

Cancer
Hey pinchy! The start of the month brought you some great love and career news. I would love to flatten out my belly-smush on the floor of the comments section with you in the comments section below if you’d like to gossip all about it, if you’re up for telling me things. Do you have any snacks? I just ate something weird.

Tuesday September 12th “will be a happy day when hard work on a project leads to more income, either as overtime, a future raise, or if you are self-employed (or do freelance on the side) a client who appreciates your work and is willing to pay top dollar to have you in their corner.” To be quite honest, that would have been easy for me to paraphrase but you know me, I love Susan Miller more than my own finger tips. Let her speak, for heaven’s sake! Put your ear to Astrology Zone and let it whisper the sweet star-covered words of Susan the Planet Prophet. It’s saying “you’re going to be so richhhhhh! You’re going to be so successful!!!!! You’re going to be among the Man Repeller readers of today’s September horoscope bash who are clearly going to run the worldddd!” Great ego booster.

On 15th you could find a cool couch. Sounds like a non-sequitur but it’s more selfish than anything: I am on a couch hunt so if you do find a cool one, lmk. That means “let me know” in laziness. Laziness is my love language.

Here’s something actually interesting for once. Just kidding on the for once if you’re not fond of jokes. Anyway so here’s something interesting: the new moon of September 19th “highlights siblings.” I am not sure I’ve heard that from Susan before, or if I have I wasn’t paying attention. If you have a sibling, be nice to them or something? It’s also a great time to get away, but don’t be a total hermit. LOL. Venus in Virgo will make for a more supportive love atmosphere all around, and if you’ve got ants in your pants, great: the end of the month is a superb time to travel.

Leo
Kitty kitty you so pretty. Are your eyes finally back to normal after the eclipse in August? Is your life? The eclipse likely brought to light (lol) strange truths and bits of news and things that took you by the shoulders and pointed you toward very clear paths and decisions, some of which could have shocked your loins and made you go, “Oh my gobstopper!” If so, remember that all things happen for a reason. Don’t roll your eyes at me for saying that; you’re the one reading your horoscope.

If you haven’t heard anything of the sort (September 7th was another day this could have happened) STILL NO? The 21st for sure. There can be a one month delay especially since there were two eclipses in August, although only one can cause a big hullabaloo. Being the second child has its perks, after all!

This month, like it is for so many other signs this September, is all about money for you: earning it, sewing the seeds so as to grow it, finding it under couches, inheriting it from Daddy Warbucks before “daddy” was considered a sexual term of endearment by mass society, you know, that sort of thing. September 12th is a great day to present creative ideas, and the 15th will be a great day to do everything you didn’t do because of the retrograde (like sign papers, buy an electric toaster oven, your laundry).

On the 17th you’re primed like Amazon to find love. If you already have love, kiss it on the mouth, even if love is a cat or a dream. If your love is your job feel free to kiss your desk but you should wipe it down because I feel like every season is suspiciously “flu season” at the office. But wait, so the order should be: Clorox (feel free to sponsor these horoscopes, Clorox!!!), then water (because you don’t want to put your mouth where Clorox has been either, no offense or Clorox), then smooch. Anyway in this case I really do believe that Susan Thriller meant love-love, so if you’re single and don’t want to be, great ready to NOT BE! If you’re in a casual relationship, omg get ready for the L WORD, and if you’re so deep in it that you go to the bathroom with the door open around one another, prepare for date night! Door policy at your behest!

Venus is in Leo until the 19th, you get to buy a new wardrobe if you want, too.

Leo
QUICK. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE LION SONG? IS IT:

A) “I Just Can’t Wait to Be King” from The Lion King


or

B) “In the Jungle” by The Beach Boys?


HELLO?! IT IS YOUR BIRTHDAY! YOU CAN HAVE YOUR CAKE AND EAT IT, TOO.

Happy birthday big-haired kitty cat. In the words of Susan Thriller, “Eclipse season is back.” It’s a chance for you to look at how your life is going and make adjustments as needed. The eclipse of August 7th (a lunar full moon eclipse, so chic) will encourage you to start thinking about commitment with your mans or womans. This could be professional commitment too. (Snooze.) (So sue me. It’s the summer. Sexual tension goes way better with a Mai Tai.) (Ew who drinks those?) (Speaking of sexual tension…) On August 21st, a “rare and outstandingly positive” new moon solar eclipse is in store. It will form a golden triangle in the sky between Uranus, Saturn, the sun and the moon. Sounds like a square to me but okay. Whatever shape it is, it’s going to send down endless good juju on your career, your personal development and your overall life. Isn’t that nice?

Virgo
So what if you’re a virgo who can’t drive? You’re finally off the two-year-long eclipse hot seat which means you get to cool your buns and sit pretty for a while. Also, you may not even realize this, but you did a lot of hard work during that time. It’s going to start paying off. You know what they say: Abs are made in the kitchen so get that bread and bacon. Aug 7th, eclipse number one, is going to be the start of a beautiful new business relationship, and by “beautiful” I mean you’ll get rich as fuck. See: above reference to bread and bacon. That was a metaphor for money. Take career risks during this time. Work out (or don’t, but Susan said to). Around the second eclipse of August 21st you’ll be feeling extra creative. You may have heard rumors of a retrograde happening at the same time of all of this, and the answer is yes, Virginia, there is a retrograde. But it’s not a bad thing. From Aug 12th through September 5th, use it as a time to go back and refine your work.

Libra
Libra you get a PLAY MONTH!!!!!!!!! That is like the celestial equivalent of a romper. Like, go to work and stuff for sure, but otherwise use this month as a time to do whatever the hell you want. Seriously! Susan said so! Can you even belibra your eyes? (There it is.) On August 7th, your house of true love will be lit all the way up. If you’re single, you’ll meet someone at a social gathering so go to parties and barbecues. Wise words from our Main Girl: Be optimistic and generous. Give up the picky list of what you were expecting and embrace a new kind of person, because they just might be YOUR person. Jupiter’s on the assist with a sparkly love potion, so don’t try to force anything. When you know you know, especially because Suzan said so. (This is one of your best years to fall in love.) Don’t think I forgot about that other eclipse, either. On the 21st, the solar eclipse is lighting up your house of friendship. Sounds like a party, hold the pants.

Scorpio
“You are now on the threshold of the most important month of 2017 and possibly the most important month in a decade for your career and living situation.” Like okay Susan Miller, the drama committee didn’t hear you all the way in the back, maybe use a microphone next time.

How exciting is that!!!

Try, if you can, to pause any major traveling until September, and if you can’t so what. Sometimes I feel like the stars are a little bossy, if you ask me. Whatever you do or wherever you go, on August 7th, know there will be a focus on home. Are you moving? Decorating? Setting up a home office? Either way, money is connected to it. Must be some sort of promotion at Ikea! On August 21st , there’s an eclipse that’s way more exciting. The new moon solar eclipse will light your tenth house of honors, awards and achievements. Trophy town, USA. Oh! And while traveling to a far off land isn’t Susan’s idea of a good time right now, she does encourage weekend trips, especially August 19th-20th. She says to “plan a sunny weekend at the seashore.” Susan, say no more.

Sagittarius
Hello my celestial half-horse! So much travel is in store for you this month, so before you do anything else, stock up on contact solution, toothpaste and underwear. On August 7th, get away for pure sake of love and pleasure. Don’t even put helpful information in your out-of-office. If I were you I’d literally make this my OOO notice with zero context:

: > )

And just confuse the hell out of everyone. What a great nose.

This trip will energize and restore you. Put sunscreen on your nipples though, I know you. And when you return, don’t bother unpacking because you may be inspired to get the hell outta dodge again. August 19th-20th are two more great days to travel.

This month’s not all TSA and tits. “August 27th is a rare day, when any serious goals can be completed and agreed to – and that will stand the test of time.” Susan said that, so stand back. AND FOR THE LOVE OF BLOG, ignore the fact that Mercury is retrograding from August 12th to September 5th, LEANDRA. Just try to avoid signing binding contracts and you’ll be great.

Capricorn
Hey Capricorn, when’s your brand of animal going to start trending? Where are all the Capricorn toasts? Where are all the Capricorn smoothies? These are potential lucrative opportunities! Which I bring up because you’re going to be thinking a lot about money this month. August 7th will be a friendly day that could help you finish a salary negotiation and simultaneously take you out of rut. Mercury will retrograde from August 12th until September 5th, so don’t take a new job yet if you can help it…but also, so what. An even friendlier eclipse is set for August 21st. It’s not only going to make you rich, it’s going to form a golden triangle with Saturn, the sun and Uranus. You know what that means! Celestial orgy. Bow chicka ow ow have fun be safe wear sunscreen and get ready to swim in an ocean of home-grown happiness and success.

Aquarius
Aquaboobs, don’t you worry about the past few months. FINALLY, in August, you’re going to begin seeing progress after a sloggy year. Yup, even with the retrograde. Everyone thinks Mercury in retrograde (August 12th to September 5th) is a bad thing. It’s certainly an annoying thing, but it’s also a great time to look back at it and tune up any loose ends from your past, which is so satisfying, not to mention high potential for massive success. August 7th will bring “a matter of deep personal importance to culmination.” So there’s that. And! You’re set to travel a lot this month thanks to Jupiter’s private jet. There’s a second eclipse waiting to delight you on the 21st. It’s going to bring news you want to hear, especially from your romantic partner. (“Honey! I bought us a bounce-y castle!”)

Pisces
All hail the prophet Susan: “August is a bridge month, moving you from your past to your future.” Yeah, we call that a tesseract in Ava Duvernay’s world. Should we watch that trailer for the thousandth time, speaking of?


Great, I feel better after that. August’s two eclipses are “powerful and encouraging.” I put those in quotes because the way I write these horoscopes are weird and I can’t remember if those were my notes or Susan’s words — better safe than sorry that I have to spend the rest of my summer in jail! The eclipse of August 7th is in your twelfth house of healing, which is associated with subconscious and dreams. That’s cool because Susan never brings up that kind of thing. It may encourage you to see a therapist. I bought cowboy boots because of mine, so if you don’t have one, maybe now’s the time. The eclipse on August 21st will light up your sixth house which rules preventative measures you take to stay healthy…and projects. So, okay. Start counting your steps and carry a glue stick with you. That sounds like it covers all the bases? It certainly should cover the big hand-holding orgy between Mars, the Sun, the new moon solar eclipse, Uranus AND Saturn in your tenth house of fame and honors. Elmer’s and fitness: a life hack.

Aries
ARIES! Okay. Don’t get weird while you’re out at the bars or anything — actually what am I talking about? Definitely do get weird, both at bars and everywhere — because on August 7th, you’re scheduled to meet a friend who will make a major change on your life. This person could open doors to new worlds, which doesn’t just mean fun and adventure and all that, but it could lead to love. I mean, can’t you just picture it now!

~*Cue blurry effect and dreamy music like they used to do when someone was daydreaming on Kenan and Kel*~

“So, how did you two meet?”

“Such a funny story, actually. I went to this bar on August 7th, 2017, got super weird and met my friend Ann! Two weeks later, Ann introduced me to the love of my life and then we not only became rich in friends, family and finances (not to mention accompanying philanthropic endeavors), we started our dream careers together and here we are!”

…

Anyway back to reality at least for the time being because I’m not saying that’s not going to happen: The new moon on August 21st is a solar eclipse, which means a new chapter. Mars will be in your house of true love and Uranus will be over there getting freaky. So for real, if you’re serious about love, go out. Meet people. If you’re attached, shoot for the moon and you’ll land among the stars but be careful. I’m not so sure how often Uranus washes its sheets.

Taurus
Holy star cows! What a run we’ve had, eh? Major changes to our career and living changes have been underway for some time now anddd they are still rolling out thanks to these upcoming eclipses, the first one being August 7th and the next being the 21st. On the 7th: “This full moon will be showered with lovely beams from Jupiter, giver of gifts and luck, from your house of work projects, indicating a plum job may come up that allows you to prove your worth.” What is a plum job? Who knows, who cares. All I heard was the sound of money birds chirping thanks to Susan repeatedly underlining how successful we’re scheduled to be this month and for many to come.

Mercury will indeed be in retrograde from August 12th to September 5th, so take time to mull things over. All things, really, but mostly big life decisions. If someone’s being annoying about a text back, turn your read receipts on and add a little auto response: “I’ll get back to you after the retrograde.” August 21st will recenter your focus on home. Convenient, seeing as I’m in the market for a couch. Any ideas as to where I could find a free one not covered in bed bugs? I’ll take suggestions in the comments and angel deliveries to my doorstep.

Gemini
Tia and Tamera Mowry of the sky! Woooeeeee is this a fun one. For our first eclipse on August 7th, you’ve got air-sign Aquarius and fire-sign Leo doing renditions of their hit song “Boogie Wonderland” with me as the earth portion of that band (I’m a Taurus) and you as the front man. Said song will be like a siren hit wonder for luring in foreign people and luring you to foreign places. The trips could be life-changing, not to mention wildly romantic. (Also, the shopping. Always travel with a mostly empty suitcase so that you can bring back presents. I’m whatever size is most convenient.) On August 21st, the new moon will prompt even more travel. The 19th to the 20th in particular is primed like a seasoned set of ribs to find love, and if you have it, you’re gonna want to roll around all up in it until you think you’re gonna BURST from happiness.

Still single by the 26th? From then on until Sept 19th (can we not even get into the retrograde? It’s so boring) you’ll have all the luck when it comes to hooking up. Cuffing season come early, ladies and Gemini!

Cancer
ALRIGHT my crispy crab cakes! I know I just told Gemini that I didn’t want to talk about Mercury in retrograde, but seeing as you’re my last sign (oh and hope you just had the best ever birthday month) we might as well swing it back to the kitchen one more time because for you, Mercury in retrograde is a good thing. Susan swears it. Retrogrades are about looking back, and this time around, from August 12th through September 5th, our girl predicts “something you did in the past may bring reward.” Hello that is called an INVESTMENT, and it proves you were wise to drop all that cash on your sister’s cousin’s lemonade stand. Proud of you. Speaking of money, both eclipses — the first on August 7th, the second on the 21st (raise your hand if you bought tickets to Wyoming!) will take place in your financial house. See? Even more money coming your way, plus, Venus will be in Cancer which means all is right, well and good in this world. You’re going to be popular, you’re going to be successful and, because you are not a real crab, you will never have to touch mayonnaise if you don’t to. I love you. The end.

Cancer
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CANCER! It’s so cool that you share yours with America. Are you going to get a massive cake and am I going to jump out of it? Why spoil the surprise, I guess.

You’re going to lay low for the first three weeks of July. As my mom likes to text me whenever I say I can’t talk on the phone because I’ve lost my voice for the thousandth time, “you need to recharge your battery.” Now’s a time to apartment hunt, decorate, rearrange your bookshelf in color order (then decide that’s so Pinterest two years ago) and have friends over to barbecue.

Note that you may feel a little moody or have a lot of emotions. Voice them for sure, especially around the 6th, but remember there’s a fine line between honesty and being a dick.

Work’s going great. On July 9th, you’ll finally get the recognition you deserve for a project you’ve been working on.

On July 22nd, “the Sun swings into Leo and your passionate fifth house of love and joie de vivre.” You’re primed to meet a summer lovah during this time; the 23rd only further cements you into the Cancer season of romance. Enjoy your PDA and DFMOs and the way your heart starts to beat. Just remember that hot tubs are almost always a bad idea for you know what. OKAY.

Leo
Here, kitty, kitty. Think of July like party prep for your B-day month which is so soon I know you can taste it. Tie up loose ends as best you can, put your head down toward your big cat paws and focus. At the same time, don’t run yourself into a pork hole. Chill, man, as best you can. Lord knows I’m not the one to tell you how to do it, but downward dog into a bowl of dairy-free (not by choice, thanks) ice cream.

Now is also a good time for all those doctor appointments you’ve been putting off! Boo blah poop, I know. Get ’em over with. Oh! And straight from the mouth of the Astro Twins: delegate.

Something else the Twins brought up is the rapid-fire slew of “little landmines” that you’re going to feel like you keep stepping on, emotionally, until the 22nd. Being aware that you’re going to be more sensitive than usual may help you to avoid a personal blowup. Or you flip a table, Teresa Giudice-style, so what, big deal, that shrimp cocktail sucked anyway.

You get your own “private new year” on the 23rd ” when the Leo new moon “ignites your first house of beginnings and initiatives.” Make some going-into-August resolutions. Hey, maybe you can find a disco-ball bikini and a top hat, then use the sand as confetti. (Watch the eyes.) On the 26th, be prepared to be shocked by your own sex appeal.

Virgo
Virgomania, you are going to be a social butterfly this month. Thank Mars, the planet that’s going to keep you networking like a Facebook employee at a convention center until the 2oth.

At work around the 6th, FOCUS Cohen, focus, on your principles. You’re due for a promotion or raise but the Astro Twins caution that you don’t lose your head in the clouds as you start to climb the ladder, ‘ne mean? Me neither.

We’ve got some universal tension among all the signs on July 10th, 18th and 21st but like, blah, blah, blah, gimme a break, wash a Midol down with a Twisted Tea and call me when you’re flying over Show Low, Arizona, alright?

On July 22nd, the Sun is in Leo and your restful house, which means you’ll finally heed my advice (or so it seems) and find peace. Cut up some cantaloupe or whatever that crap melon is that no one eats and let it simmer in your ice water. This day is ripe for an at-home spa day with the girls. If it still feels nuts outside of the home, remember this little ditty (about Jack and Diane) (by the Astro Twins, though, not John Mellencamp):” If there’s chaos in your outer world, this is an important time for soul-searching.”

Libra
OH LIBRA!!!! Great news even though I miss Suz: the Sun is making its annual trip through Cancer until July 22, which I guess is like the Sun’s equivalent of the Hamptons or something, only instead of getting crabs like Charlotte did when she hooked up with a baby twenty-something. Anyway, what this means is your tenth house of career, long-term goals and ambition is gonna be lit the hell up. Get after it, CEO human being!

On July 6th, you’re going to be torn between wanting responsibility and craving freedom. I can’t tell you which path to choose. My advice: be like the best Bachelorette contestant you know and show up For The Right Reasons.

On July 9th, you’re going to make like a bird and nest. You’ll find a new apartment or finally decide to decorate the one you’ve lived in forever but still haven’t changed the generic black-and-white photos out of the collage frame you bought back in Mars, so, whatever! Today is a new day!

You’ve got tons of courage and charisma thanks to Mars, except that same planet is adding stress. “Nix the urge to people-please,” writes these wise twins who are really starting to grow on me. “You simply don’t have time to agree to everything.”

On July 22nd, the Sun leaves Cancer which means things start to chill out. You’ve worked really hard. Let loose and let the reggaeton on your friends #SUMMER2017 Apple Music playlist (like who uses Apple Music) fill your bones with dancing juice.

Scorpio
Scorpio, I didn’t know this about you, but apparently you keep tight-lipped so I bet you’ve never sunk ships! You’d make for one hell of a skipper. “Conversations and projects that you’ve been exploring all year could reach a turning point,” write the Astro Twins, although I completely forget the context surrounding it.

Let’s talk about god damn Uranus who is, surprise, surprise, being a real asshole. This month it will form a heated square to Mars on July 19th and the Sun on July 21st. Are we all in agreement that this is the celestial version of a Dutch oven? Gross I know, but then again, these stars write themselves. I’m just the messenger. Beyond a bad smell trapped in a hot blanket — I am so sorry by the way, I’m writing this in a house full of spry young men who are shouting gross things every five minutes and it’s affecting my subconscious, “The energy is sharp and unpredictable on these dates, and people will be quick to fly off the handle.”

Good news for your sign and anyone reading along because I’m done with the Dutch oven metaphor! July 22nd will bring a grounding energy and with it, positive structure surrounding your career. I’m gonna translate that into you getting better at the work/life balance thing.

Finally, on July 23rd, Leo’s new moon is essentially an IV drip into the arms of your hopes, dreams and ambitions. Let me how that hangover cure works because Pedialyte isn’t doing shit.

Sagittarius
Sag, since you’re half horse, are the summer flies worse around your butt and just ignorant of your naked upper-half area or are you asking yourself as you read this if my brain has been altered by a substance? It has not, and I don’t know if I appreciate the judgement. Sorry if I sound moody, but I’m just picking up the vibe you’re sending out. Which is moody. BUT THAT IS OKAY!

Embrace the fog or the feeling that you need to brood. It’s a good time to hunker down, read a book, do your research into stuff that requires it. There’s a lot of pressure in the summer to have a wild and rowdy brouhaha but why can’t it also be about sweet, happy retreat?

That feeling won’t last for long! You’re going to want to be around people, just not a bunch of randos. “Socially, you’ll want to surround yourself with like-minded people who don’t need you to be ‘on,’ says the Ying Yang Twins. “You’ll be in no mood for small talk or explaining yourself. Career-wise, this is a brilliant cycle for creating savvy, win-win scenarios and joining forces for mutual gain.” If you’re reading this and nodding along then for the sake of your skin please reapply your sunscreen.

Hi, nice to see you again, one last thing: Mars could bring you a summer lova, or the kind of DTF that comes with a ring, or a baby. Open your heart and let the light shine in. Oh but for god’s sake again, the SPF, woman!

Capricorn
CAPRI, ITALY-CORN, THIS MONTH IS ALL ABOUT YOU!

“The Sun is in Cancer and your seventh house of commitments and interpersonal affairs until July 22, and Mars is here until July 20,” the Shining Twins told me to tell you. “During this cycle, both luminaries will have a few disputes to settle with Jupiter, Pluto and Uranus. On these dates, you may find yourself torn between work, family, personal projects and relationships, as dueling demands push you to the stressful edge.”

…Honestly I just don’t think I could have paraphrased that any more clearly than they spelled it out originally, so I did a classic copy/paste for ya.

On July 10th, you’ll be up in metaphorical fisticuffs — most likely with someone in your family. But that’s why family is family! They’re legally bound to love you after a spat. Speaking of relationships, on July 22nd, the Sun will move into Leo with a nice big steak to bribe the hairy cat so that it doesn’t get ping-ponged around like a toy fish on a string and what the hell are you reading let alone what am I writing? Oh right. What that means is that anyone you’re in a relationship with of any kind is going to get defined like a motherfucker. Shout it with me now: NO GRAY AREAS. ARE YOU MY BOYFRIEND OR ARE YOU A DELETED PHONE CONTACT?

On July 22nd, the Sun moves into Leo and your eighth house of intimacy, sex and mergers.

Oh cool and on the 23rd, you’re going to get rich!

Aquarius
AGE OF AQUARIUS THIS MONTH IS ALL ABOUT WELLNESS FOR YOU I AM BEING TIMED WHILE I WRITE THIS AND I HAVE TO DO IT IN EXACTLY THREE MINUTES OR ELSE I GET A WATER BALLOON THROWN AT ME! It is the only way I will ever get anything done. I’m like the human equivalent of how you have to spray a cat with a water bottle to get it to stop hissing or whatever.

“Fiery Mars” is around until July 20th which means your motivation is at an all-time high (it has been since June 4th). It also means your stress levels have been next level. Do yoga to breath, use the planet to your advantage in getting ahead, and remember the cardinal rule of getting shit done: “Don’t take on more than you can handle.”

July 9th is about healing and closure. Welcome it! It’s like booting and rallying; you’ll feel better after.

Little bit of drama in your sign around July 18th and 19th, but this is the case for most everyone. Because of this I see nothing weird about taking two days to do you. Tell HR it has to do with your astrological signs.

On July 20th, a big DTR, whether that be in relationships or work or a partnership. Most exciting is the prediction the Ying Yang Twins told, looking ahead at August: the 21st is “bound to put some fascinating people in your path, folks who have a powerful message—and possibly a starring role in the next phase of your life.”

Pisces
Hey Rainbow Fish with your one cool silver scale! You’re going to be super charismatic this month. Don’t even worry if you haven’t practiced your winks because you’ll be so lit up from the inside that you won’t need ’em.

You’re spending most of the month obsessing over a creative project. (This could also be a romance or “full-bodied fun” per the Twins, but creative project sounds more fulfilling, plus it leaves way more positive ambiguity in terms of a larger group of people being able to read their same-sign horoscope and going, “OMG that is so me.”) Anyway, good things will come from it. It’s like being hyper diligent about sit-ups or watering your house plants.

Eye roll all you want, but bear with me for two seconds: the 6th and the 10th will be tense. You know my general advice when astrologists tell us shit like this, which is, stay in bed if you can and crank up the AC. Nothing lubes up a bad mood like cold air and fluffy covers. Vaseline, maybe? But they say water-soluble is the best option.

Speaking of Vaseline, Uranus is going to fuck shit up on the 18th and the 21st so again, stay inside and I’m so sorry for cursing.

Good news is that at the end of the month, you’re going to get super fit. Yeah, just out of nowhere! You won’t have to do anything so let’s go get ice cream. I’ll take a Lactaid pill. Bye.

Aries
Aries let me sing you a little song by this indie two-person band that no one knows about named “Simon and Garfunkel.” Total strange-os. Anyway, here’s how the song goes: “Slow down, you move too fast. You’ve got to make the morning last, just! Sitting ’round the cobble stone. Looking for fun, and feeling groovy!” Those words may not be totally right and I don’t have time to Google them, but if that were my karaoke song those would more or less be the words I sang without looking. ANYWAY it’s the message that’s important! Slow down this month and enjoy the world! Enjoy the summer!

Enjoy your home, too, which you will, but don’t be a couch potato. Hash browns are too heavy in this heat.

July 9th will make for a positive life change — a big one that’s going to feel scary, but it’s going to be not just for the better, but for the best.

On July 22nd, the Sun will “swing into Leo and your passionate fifth house of love and joie de vivre.” <-Note that the tenses there were only lightly paraphrased, okay? Who needs word-for-word accuracy when we’ve got a party to attend! Which we do! You’ve got a summer fling in the wings. I can see them now on the horizon. Seriously. You’ve got “lusty Mars” — !!! LUSTY MARS IS 100% GOING TO BE MY STAGE NAME IF I EVER JOIN A PROFESSIONAL KARAOKE TEAM — in Leo helping you be at your most charming from the 20th until September 5th. Sorry this one’s so long, time for my sign below, bye!

Taurus
Hey star cows! Doesn’t our month of womb exit celebration feel at once like yesterday and 800 years ago? Hopefully you’ve been resting up either way because it’s going to be a super social month and you know how you (we) get when we don’t get a chance to chill. A little nap with a book on our chest, perhaps? Subway shuteye not only doesn’t count, PSA, it’s dangerous! (Except I just read this Science of Us article about how people do this without missing their stop. Hint: It’s witchcraft.)

July 9th is a great day for both visionary projects and travel. What a combo! Plus, we’ve got the Sun and Mars doing the horizontal tango — wash the sheets after, they definitely won’t — which is going to prompt us to speak out with our big ideas.

Apparently we’re going to have a “stress meltdown” on July 6th. Lol okay. A solution is to try to hold off meetings but raise your hand if that’s not in the cards since it’s called work and stuff. Another fun fact about this month is that we might drink a little too much loose juice and wind up the drunkest girl at the party, but no dates were specified, so now I’m terrified.

OH WHATEVER. I am not. Let’s all just live our lives and cool it with the next-day recaps, okay? This is not ESPN. I did not ask for a post-game.

On July 23rd, Leo and her new moon will strengthen our bonds around the home. And finally — sorry this was so long — “Consider any July action to be a ‘developing story,’ one that will come together will a bold flourish before the summer ends.”

Gemini
GeminHI WHOA LOOK AT YOU! You are full-frontal nude and at the forefront of success. Who wears the pants? Literally not you and only you, I guess. You’re a walking paradox of the best kind.

THIS IS MY LAST SIGN I DO NOT KNOW WHAT I AM SAYING ANYMORE!!!

Okay okay okay, let’s do this: Focus on your career at the start of this month. It’s going to be high stress, but it’s worth it for the big outcomes.

July 9th you’re going to turn an “alliance” into a formal partnership (work or romantic although if it’s both, how fun and scandalous), which sounds like something out of that Survivor show, which may still actually be a show? Can someone confirm? Anyway I think this is just another way of saying DTR again. There is a lot of that going on this month. Isn’t it un-cuffing season??

It’s going to get tense in the middle of the month, but I’m so bored of talking about it. Just don’t fight, okay? Carve a watermelon if you really need to get aggression out. Or carry one.

Mars in Leo on July 20th is going to make you feel super social, and on the 23rd, Leo’s new moon could bring about some exciting shit in the world of “communications.” You remember Suzaroo always loved to lump random stuff into that category, but the reason I like that is because it’s just vague enough to be like, “OOooooh yeah, that not only applies to me but also sounds awesome.”

As it should. This is the summer. And here I am, holding up your swim trunks. Are we done yet and can we go swimming?

Yes and yes.

Gemini
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GEMINI! *Sent with confetti*

Let me kiss the cheeks of both your faces, Gemini, for no reason other than I missed ya so much.

This month you’re going to focus on money. You’ll be thinking about earning it, spending it, saving it and investing it, and you know what they say about the power of thinking, right? It makes you rich! LMK if I can borrow $10 bucks.

The full moon on June 9th is gonna shine that weirdly bright iPhone flashlight on an important relationship in your life, one that will encourage you to either DTR or think about whether or not you want to stay together. It may feel a little tense, but I promise that the decision you come to will be the right one and the moment you make it, you’ll be more relieved than the pee after holding it in for a three-hour car ride.

Let’s say that convo didn’t pan out in a way that makes you jump for the moon or whatever. Screw the moon! (Don’t tell the moon I said that.) Jupiter, “giver of gifts and luck,” is in your true love sector and wants to set you up with a soulmate. Let’s just say that Jupiter is way better at setups than your grandma’s friend Nancy.

Love ya, Nanc!

Cancer
Allow me to let Susan kick your sign off the right way. “This month will give you something you’ve not had in some time: control over events.” CAN YOU EVEN? I haven’t had that shit in years. You Krabby Patties can thank Mars, the “action hero planet,” for that one. Did you know that Mars takes two years to journey around the sun and is now poised to enter Cancer in June’s first week? WELL IT IS. Here’s your chance to take the reins of your own life and steer ahead, just like those heroic, equestrian, human foot jumpers of Sweden. Did we talk about this last month, by the way? I grew up doing that. It’s no joke! I can’t jump that high now. Anyway, you’re going to have this massive amount of control until July 20th, so make the most of it.

I’m typing with so many people talking around me right now that I literally don’t know what I’m typing!!

You’re primed to wrap up a big project on June 9th, and when you do, the pressure you’ve been feeling is gonna deflate A$AP Rocky. (It’s been a while since I’ve thrown that joke around, huh?) Don’t get distracted just because it’s summer. Focus and get that shit done early, then you can go outside and play.

June 15th is going to be an all-around shitstorm for everyone, so skip work and sleep instead. Finally, on June 23rd, Mars, Mercury and the Sun will accompany the full moon and you know what that means, right?

PLANET PARTY!!!!!!!!! AKA a perfect day.

Leo
Lion Queens, your mane is looking fluffed as hell for summer. The second golden hour hits, do me a favor and flag a stranger down, then have them take your picture — not that you need to worry about fulfilling your own IG quota for the summer. If May was all about your career (snooze…just kidding!), June is all about CUTTING A RUG AND LETTING LOOSE WITH YOUR FRIENDS!!!!!!!!!!!

On June 9th, you’re going to make a final decision about a person (a *person*) who’s been taking up way too much of your brain space. Once the light bulb explodes in epiphany euphoria, you’ll feel instant relief. Instant relief will fall along the lines of:

– Oh my god, I love Josh!

and

– Wait! I literally do not care about that human being any more!

or

– I don’t want that toxic thing in my life!

A creative project will also conclude, but I’m sitting outside while writing this and to be honest, I’m a little too cold for yet another list.

Create space for yourself when you need it this month. If you have to have a private conversation with someone (I don’t know about what, I am just the messenger!), the 26th is your date. I know this was a particularly boring ‘scope. Blame the planets. BUT! Know that July is your month for romance.

Virgo
Hi Virgo!! How are you??? Doesn’t it feel like forever since we last spoke, even though it was almost exactly one month ago? Let’s talk about this month!

Hopefully you’re reading this in time, because June 6th is a great day to get your hair did. The haircut luck will continue all the way through to July 9th in case you can’t book your go-to girl.

The full moon of June 9th is all up in your fourth sector ruling matters of home. Sounds like you’ll have to make a final decision about some living situation — are you moving? It is new apartment season in New York City, after all. Tell me how you plan to decorate it because I’m moving and need to figure out what my new home aesthetic will be. Is that a thing? Is anyone even reading or listening? I’m hungry.

We’ve got a universal sucky date for all: June 15th. The 14th is gonna be lame, too. If I were you, and I am, since we all have to deal with this, I’d “get a cold” this day and say home to nurse it. You’re better off in bed.

But then get right back out of it! You’re going to be craving the social scene this month, and you’re going to crave it hard. Blame or thank Mars. I say thank because you won’t be mad about it — June’s gonna be fun. The new moon on the 23rd will be in an ideal angle to Neptune, which only further adds to the party. And hey, why not: If you can take a vacation during this time, cool. Best Life Season, baby.

Libra
HOLD ON TO YOUR 2001 PLAYLIST PANTS BECAUSE WE’VE GOT US SOME DROPS OF JUPITER IN THE ATMOSPHERE. Jupiter in Libra is a rare event, according to Suz, one that swings by every twelve years for a year-long stay. It’s going to bring your sign good luck and good vibes. Also, Jupiter wants you to travel in June. What a great month for travel! Not too hot, not too cold, all you need’s a one-piece and a sweatshirt and an appetite for the hotel buffet.

Your career is gonna be high key this month thanks to the move of Mars to Cancer. A promotion’s likely, and so is more money, not to mention power and responsibility. Don’t let it go to your head, but also enjoy the heck out of wearing such a cool new hat! And make sure you and your friends celebrate all that. A promotion’s a big deal!

Now, not to give you homework, but in order for the above to happen, you may have to finally make good on that little humming that’s been happening in your head about applying elsewhere. If that’s the tune your heart has been singing, now’s the time to fix up your resume and bulk your portfolio.

Before you go, I want to talk about LOVE! Yes, love. Venus is in your relationships sector, making this very moment a great time to swipe right or go out on a random date. Summer loving, had me a BLAST. Those are the lyrics, right? I’m a great karaoke partner.

Scorpio
Okay Stingbutt (I didn’t forget our special nickname! Don’t you worry!), money might be feeling a little tight right now. June 9th is going to make your bank account’s pants feel even more Thanksgiving-snug, all of which may be compounded by the fact that June 14th and 15th are going to suck in general for the entire celestial group chat. I am trying to start a movement where we all take this day off and stay in our respective beds. That tends to solve most issues.

NOW THAT WE’VE GOT THAT LAME NEWS OVER WITH, take a whole tortilla of comfort that all will feel cozy and good by the third week of June. The sun’s gonna roll into Cancer (“a sign that is completely yours,” per Suz) followed by the new moon on June 23rd which you and I both know means new beginnings. In addition to that fresh new moon, Mercury, Mars and the Sun are going to be in your ninth house having a sweet-life party. That planetary combo may make you want to take a quick trip, and if you get the itch, scratch it. Travel’s going to be a good thing for all involved this month.

Speaking of scratching an itch: Mars in Cancer is gonna increase your sex appeal this June, and Venus — Mars’ lover — will be in Taurus. Girl: June is your month for LOVE. Given that all the planets are using your bed, though, I’d just make sure to wash your sheets.

Sagittarius
WHAT UP WHAT UP WHAT UP SAGITTARIUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

LMK how I just did. If MTV’s Made were still a thing, I think my most-Made dream, currently, would be to be made into a hype man for HBO stand-up specials and third-tier pop concerts (like where you’ve heard the headliner’s song before but didn’t know anyone actually sang it, but your cool friend Jen from Maryland asked you to go with her so you said sure) at a moderately-sized venues.

This month you’ll be focused on an important relationship in your life — making it better, making it cozier, nourishing the shit out of it or potentially making the decision to end something for both parties’ better, but who needs to think about that on a summer day? Not me and not you, either. Take comfort in knowing the full moon will help you figure out what you really want.

June 15th is a total snooze. Everyone’s going to be cranky on this day. We can press the fast-forward button here too.

Okay! Time for some good news! Mars will move into Cancer on June 4th and stay there through July 20 to help you have some important money talks. You’re going to feel SATISFIED, baby seal, after June 23rd, because you will have made mega progress.

Also you’re going to have a great hair month! What more could ya want?

Capricorn
Capricorn-on-the-cob oh my GOD is June a fun one for you. It’s mostly about you being super-successful and finally seeing rewards for all of the hard work you put in these past few months. I mean!!!

If you’re in the midst of the interview process, the start of the month was your most prime time to shine, but that just means you had the support of the planets on your side — if your interview is now or next week, so what? You’ll shine like a summer forehead during that one, too.

If you have zero interviews lined up but have been feeling really stuck, well guess what? Jupiter will move direct on June 9th, and when it does, you’ll feel an instant WHOOSH in terms of professional progress.

I have barely talked about Uranus during these ‘scopes, which really makes me so miserable and sad! I love talking about the planet of butts! Mostly because when Uranus comes up, the innuendo writes itself. Low-hanging balls/fruit. You know. And who! Uranus will be helpful on the 23rd and offer up an 11th-hour surprise solution to some sort of conundrum. (Or fun-undrum, because for all we know this hiccup could be along the lines of, “Oh no! We ran out of rosé!”)

Once you get to June 23rd you can focus on your partner. Give ‘em some sweet, sweet loving. And if you’re single? Why! Venus left her vibrator on high in your house of true love, Capricorns. Buzz buzz!

Aquarius
Aquarius, I am so happy I get to deliver some truly delicious news to you. You will be living your absolute best life in June. I mean, you’re going to think you’re Oprah or something. (Aren’t you?) The new moon that peeked into the sky on May 25 is still sending out romantic vibrations (between the moon and Venus — scroll up to the bottom of Capricorn — they must have a lot of batteries to deal with) that you’ll have the pleasure of skating on all month.

Uranus will be around to help you on June 9th when a friend in need may be like, “Hey, I need you.” June 14th and 15th are going to be the worst, so do what I’ve been suggesting everyone else try: take a sick day, take a knee, turn up the AC and stay inside. Mental-health day! You deserve it.

You’ll be pretty busy with work this month, but that’s a good thing because guess where money comes from? Well, you see, when a mommy and daddy love each other very much…oh wait, wrong convo/wrong decade. Money grows on the celestial trees of your dreams if you listen to the predictions of Susan Thriller Miller!

Pisces
Omg Polly Pocket Pisces how are you, tell me everything and then please immediately whip out your phone so that you can show me photos of what you’ve been doing to the interior of your apartment because APPARENTLY, per Susan Miller, that is the focus of your sign this month.

Being a Pisces may have sucked a bit during April and May. I’d give you a hug, but you’re a fish so IDK if you’d like that or if you’d slip out of my arms or what, but Sus says your chart has been complex. Girl! But good news: It’s gonna get better and better and better.

Jupiter turns direct on June 9th which will change your financial luck ($$$$$ cha-ching! $$$$$), and around that same time you may be given a ~*rare*~ career opportunity. Keep your eyes open and your resume clean. Ugh and even though I’m sick of talking about it, fast break to tell you: the 14th and the 15th of June are going to be lame days for everyone. I have told this entire astrological party to strike these two days so that we can all just AVOID missing subways and getting in fights, etc. Worst thing that happens if you nap instead is that you wake up a little groggy or have to pee before you’re ready to get out of bed.

As for love, four “heavenly bodies” will brighten your house of true love around the 23rd. You can thank the new moon, the sun, Mercury and Mars for your potential summer fling.

Aries
Idea for a cool shirt or screen name or book title for you!!! When Aries Met Sally!!!!! What do you think?

You’ve got a Mister Toad’s Wild Ride of a June coming up, and thank god, because it sounds like May was a little snoozy for you. If it wasn’t snoozy, it certainly felt backwards.

Venus hooked up with Uranus over the weekend, which bodes well for your love life. If you’re partnered, get ready to get busy…speaking of which, make sure your AC works. And if you’re single, “love will bubble up when you least expect it to happen.”

You’re due for a work trip (when you’re not rolling around in loverville’s babbling brook). There’s a high chance it feels a little stressful, but Susan believes that not only will it be an opportunity to flex what you’re best at — thus catapulting yourself to new heights — but you’ll also come back refreshed.

I’m going to say this to everyone, but the 15th is going to suck, so fake sick or something and make it a Netflix-and-literal-chill day (once again, get your AC looked at now). Around the 23rd you’ll be focused on beautifying your home. Other than that, June’s a delight of a month for you.

Taurus
No month is as bittersweet for us celestial bovines as June. The high of our birthday month is over, yet the even higher-high of summer is full-speed ahead. I’ll take it, I guess, and maybe make just one more weekend about me and the time I broke lease with my mother’s womb.

THE WEEKEND THAT JUST PASSED WAS SUPPOSED TO BE EXTREMELY ROMANTIC. I was a camp counselor at Camp MR, which means I was busy being super-profesh, but tell me: HBU?

Moving forward, moving forward! Susan wants us to take a trip to the seashore now through July 20th, to which I’m like, you do not have to tell me twice. I’ll high five a lobster any damn day of the week. I’m not afraid of sharks. Sand rash, come at me.

The new moon on June 23rd is in ideal alignment with Neptune. Meanwhile, Mars in Cancer is going to be spitting paper wads out of straws at it from the back of the bus. We’re going to want to rest because of this. We are going to be so damn sleepy all the time. BUT WE CANNOT STAY IN BED. Our charms will be irresistible, and who are we to deny the universe a flash of our pearly cow-teeth whites?

Oh yeah, and one last thing! Your career is going to be on FIYA!

Taurus

HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO US, TAURUSES. That “happy’ isn’t just an empty well-wish this month, it’s a fact: Susan Miller opened up our sign by acknowledging that March and April felt like trekking through mud in two-size-too-large boots that do a crap job at being waterproof, then she said that May is going to bring a WORLD of a difference. “Happy days are here again” were her words, I believe. Which reminded me of this Barbra Streisand and Judy Garland duet:


Doesn’t get old, just like us.

In store for our month of celebrating the womb exit: We’ll be so creative others will pause all like, “Yo Mark Z face-swapped with Georgia O’Keeffe, that you?”

Zuck and Keeffe will laugh because face swap is always equal parts terrifying and hilarious, but so will we, because others were actually talking to us. WE were the creative ones.

On May 10 we’ll make some sort of pact with a partner. Raise your hands in the comments if you want to date me! (But remember that this could mean a business situation, too. Everyone needs a work wife. Plan your dresses together.) Also happening on this day: a burst of inspiration thanks to Neptune, whose job it is to help us shoot for the moon while grabbing at the stars while also “rising to a state where others’ needs can joyously be put ahead of [our] own, a sign of deep love and affection.” Sounds like we’re growing up, out and at ’em, my friends.

If someone asks to set you up on a blind date this month (a modern matchmaker perhaps?), say yes. If it’s not love, you just wait until June 6th. Ooh, baby, is this going to be your summer of fire. The good kind of fire. You know the drill: wear sunscreen and eat cake.

Gemini

Can we all agree that, so long as you were not in attendance nor supposed to be in attendance at Fyre Festival, your month is already going less badly than it could be? I know that I, personally, would hate to have my plans of Blink 182 on a beach get canceled. I saw them twice in my youth but found myself devastated that I missed them in New York last summer and I don’t think I could withstand another heartbreak, to be honest. Luckily, you don’t have to! Your month is going to be wonderful, pop-punk skate band of your youth or no.

“Mars, the energy planet, is now in Gemini for the first time in two years,” says Susan. “This is a sure sign you are feeling energetic, confident and ready to take on the world.” On May 10th, the new moon is in Gemini too, which means that every form of communication in your world will be crystal clear, both coming in and going out of your pie hole. CAN WE PLEASE take “pie hole” back from cranky grandparents who tell us to shut our pie holes and give it a nicer connotation? Pie is lovely.

Get your head out of the gutter or else I’ll start talking about Uranus.

Can you believe Leslie Price has to edit this?!

Wait until May 25th to launch your biggest initiations — and mark my words, like I’m a villain threatening you (but I’m not!): you will have billions of initiations. You’re an idea woman. You can buy electronics now, however, if you want. I know you’ve been holding off because of Mercury but that’s over now. Susan’s gonna wait until May 12th if you’re really concerned.

In terms of terms of romance, you’ve got some chocolate-covered days on May 13th and 14th, but your big moment will take place when the new moon is in Gemini on May 25th. “This is the one and only new moon in your own sign that will come by in 2017,” said my The One, “and it is meant to be your birthday gift from a loving universe. You can use it for anything you please…in any area you would like to see a boost.” Well quit fartin’ around, rocket man! Let her rip!

Cancer

Leandra has taken to wearable crustaceans lately because she’s kosher and can’t eat them. She’s been wearing these giant, dangling lobsters on her lobes and ten-feet-tall canvas platforms on her feet that have little crabs stitched all over, and she keeps telling people, “I have crabs on my shoes!” Only she speaks weird and pauses before, “on my shoes” (similar to how Michael Barbaro from The New York Times’ The Daily podcast always seems unsure of his own name when he speaks and goes, “Hey it’s Michael…Bar-bar-o fromTheNewYorkTimes” — all one word). Anyway, it sounds like she’s telling people she has crabs.

Speaking of crabs, hey Cancer! Let’s do your sign by the numbers.

All month: It’s time to break free and let yourself have fun. You’ll be in a wayyy better mood than you’ve been for at least three months.

On May 10th: Take a romantic trip to rev up your fifth house of true love. For all I know, you could meet someone. If you know someone, ask them to go on a romantic trip with you.

June 4th through July 20 will crazy as hell because Mars is on a skateboard in your sign or something like that, so relax now.

You’ll get rich on May 9th, become successful in your career and friendship on May 10th and on May 12th, you’ll receive some outstanding news about your job.

On May 30th, “a glittering day,” Mars and Uranus will be in sync (yeah, I bet they will be) which is also good for your career. Damn girl, as Susan said, “It will be hard to beat your star power in May.”

Leo

Leo, you’re a fierce-ass lion who doesn’t even care that her birthday falls in the final summer month when everyone’s away because it means you get to chill on the beach unbothered. That said, you’re going to want to break away from the cat pack this month and really “go for the gold in your career.” UGH, CAN THE OLYMPICS COME BACK OR WHAT?

The new moon that skootched into Taurus in April is going to give you persuasive powers when it comes to getting what you want, so start negotiating. And if all of this sounds like a lot — like Amelia, what? — it’s going to be a generally balanced month, so please go with this/it and send horoscopes around your office so that I am lauded for my traffic!

Venus is no longer in retrograde, by the way. I know you were worried about that because you had haircut plans or something. Off you go with that bob!

Mars, the action planet, is going to make for a happier social life this month despite what I literally just said above. In fact, on May 25th, you’ll be traveling with friends. That doesn’t mean you can’t march to the beat of your drum so long as Miles Teller is playing!

Let’s conclude with me talking dirty to you. “Saturn and Uranus will be beautifully aligned this month,” says Susan. This is rare. It will be especially prevalent around May 18 and November 11, not to mention Venus will be in fire-sign Aries all May. This is a recipe for all good things, my friend. Great things, in fact. Amazing things, if you will, and now I’m just carrying on, but chin up and tits out: here comes your best career yet, your best life ever, your best summer since camp and your best time for love — although it’s only just beginning.

Virgo

Like a Virgo! Touched for the very first time! Like a Vir-ir-ir-ir-go, I hear your planets, ro-tat-ing!

Does our relationship just keep getting better or what?

Mars recently entered Gemini (twins!) and your tenth house of honors, awards and achievement. Suz says this happened on April 21st and is here to stay until June 4th. That’s a nice amount of time, honestly, if you’re beyond excited for someone to visit who you haven’t seen in a while, who’s a clean and thoughtful house guest that doesn’t really need to be entertained. And while these planets are busy arranging their respective television and shower schedules, they will simultaneously be making sure that you rise to the occasion of what their positioning promises: Honors! Awards! Achievements! Hello!

This month will be a big one to make your mark. The new moon is sending a signal to Jupiter, too, which is hopefully going to get you some sort of raise or extra dollar. You know who’s also here to help? (Sometimes it takes a village, sometimes it takes a solar system.) Uranus and Venus in your house of perks! I don’t even know what your house of perks are. I wrote it as a note while raking my eyeballs furiously through your sign, but doesn’t it sound like a nice thing? I wrote “$$$$$$” after it, so that has to be good.

Negotiate travel on the 30th if you want to. If not, enjoy the return of your energy now that Mercury’s over being a see you next caturday.

Libra

Susan used this really fun bank account/flower blossom metaphor that I won’t repeat for you here, but I assure you it was thrilling, Justin (B)libras. Take comfort in knowing that above all else, you’re going to get really rich. Please scroll up to the Barbra Streisand and Judy Garland duet. If you’d prefer, I can leave this one from Glee below. You know, I swear I’ve dropped both of these videos into a horoscope report before.



It’s just that after a Mercury in retrograde, everyone feels like they can live their lives again!
That will be especially true of you. You’re going to be yearning to travel, and the new moon of May 25th in Gemini is going to set things in motion (just in time for Memorial Day Weekend!). Jupiter’s involved and you know that planet likes to book first class and fancy, so don’t worry about bed bugs or anything less than champagne and caviar.

A final note: You’re going to start giving a lot of thought to how to improve your home life in a way that won’t come again until 2047. You have until the end of the year to really cement those thoughts, but Susan finds this prospect exciting. Take advantage of what “the home” means to you: family, redecorating, re-watching Sweet Home Alabama because thanks to Big Little Lies, you’re back on a Reese Witherspoon kick. Whatever “it” may be, take stock. Write it down in your notebook. And please don’t eat the paper. You’re not an Aries goat, okay. No excuse. It’s my birthday — how about instead, I share my cake with you.

Scorpio

Ooooh, Scorpio! You’re going to make a serious commitment this month. I don’t know if it will be career-wise or friendship-wise or what, but I do know that you might as well wear the wedding dress of your dreams OR — or! — the flats of your dreams that you’d wear to a commitment ceremony.

“Neptune, currently touring imaginative Pisces, will bring inspiration and glamour to your relationship,” said Susan, who has clearly read both of those stories I just linked to because she used the word glamour. “If,” that is, “the purpose of your alliance is to work creatively or to commit your love, you will be very happy.”

Good news is that you can sign papers now. Mercury is out of retrograde, might I remind you.

We’ve got a full-ass moon on May 10th in Scorpio, and it is the only full moon in your sign this year. That’s a big deal! It might be emotional in a good way for you, but also in that freaky-cry way where you sob just because someone looks at you across the room sort of weird. Things will work out in your favor no matter what, though. It’s a full moon — everything becomes more clear, especially your dreamz.

If it’s going to happen any day, May 25th is the day to win the lotto. Rich doesn’t just mean money, of course (but it kind of does in the sentence where I just said it); ROMANCE is primed and ready to take place on the 25th as well. You might have to sweet-talk Neptune a bit, but thanks to Pluto, it’s looking like you’ll get your way. Oh and travel that weekend. It might help, it can’t hurt.

Sagittarius

Is there or is there not a not-yet-formed feminist band out there just waiting to be called Vagittarius?

Okay! Take your time this month, in general. March and April were sloths in terms of productivity thanks to retrograding Venus and Mercury, and even with Mercury’s return to planet Earth (thanks so much for joining us, asshole) things won’t feel totally back to normal until the 20th, so like, no rush, man. As they say in the old country when someone starts rolling down a grassy knoll too quickly, “Let it happen.”

A lot of your sign was about focusing on the overall improvement of your mind, body and spirit. I’m sure the thought of a holistic approach makes you want to throw your Be Your Own Guru book out the window at this point — especially if you didn’t read the instructions on your yoni egg clearly — but if you focus on your inner downward dog you just may have a mental breakthrough around May 10th, give or take four days of that full moon.

Now that Venus is no longer in retrograde (and will finally be back full-force come May 18th), not only will progress in terms of work and health come more easily, your connections with friends will link up faster than a fresh face gets matches on Tinder. Thanks to this, May will be so much fun.

Your partner in love or business will also be an important focus this month, says Susan. You’re going to deepen the connection, so wipe your hands on your pants immediately. Nobody likes a sweaty-palmed handshake of forevership. Except, I guess, if this connection’s The One.

Which it may be, because on May 25th your love life is getting a boost from that new-new moon. Swoon!

Capricorn

Capricorn, I’m not sure how we’ve never talked about what your sign looks like, but I just googled it for the first time (I am VERY diligent about my horoscopes!) and it’s like, a ram-mermaid? Please advice in the comments below and tell me your mythical ram-like stance on the phenomenon of unicorn food. Or did the fury of Fyre Festival cancel out the fury of Starbuck’s Frappuccino debut. And also, is this a joke? I am generally here for an Instagram moment and a complicated order, but whatever happened to the pure beauty of an iced coffee?

This is a super-social month for you, in non beverage-related news. Get out May 10th and party. On the 25th, you’re set to start a new fitness routine. That sounds so fun. You’re like the Jane Fonda of ram-mermaids. Your neon Spandex must look so cool.

“This year,” writes Susan,”innovation and new technology will allow you to build a deep foundation for your future upon which to build your dreams.” Uh hi, I think we just found your billion-dollar idea. Mermaid-ram pants. Can’t stop won’t stop!

It is that time of horoscope writing where I completely lose it!

But you won’t. On May 25th (yup, same day as your fitness routine, hellooo synergy) you’re going to get a mega business boost. Unrelated but not not-related, you should throw a party at the end of this month. Susan’s advice. It’ll charge up the old romance battery.

Aquarius

BIG OPENER HERE, Aquaphor: “This will be a pivotal month for you.” (Yes, in a good way.)

First, know this: You’re going to want to focus on a new home. Susan advises you to put this off until November 1st if you can, “but don’t give up your dream,” she advises. I advise so, too.

Also, here’s a really fun fact for all those who identify with Aquarius: “Saturn was your ancient ruling planet prior to the discovery of Uranus in 1781, so astrologers keep an eye on both Saturn and Uranus when deciphering your possibilities for the coming month.” Who knew?? She has a reason for telling this to you. “Both those planets will be in sync this year, and this is good news, for you tend to do very well during the rare times when both your rulers work together.” WELL! (Do you like my annotations or no?) “This month, on May 18th, they will hit perfection, allowing you to put forth brilliant ideas – even if your ideas are a little on the risky side – and get them funded, allowing you to build financial security for the future.”

I mean, does that sound good or what?! It’s like you’re in The Big Short but not doing anything illegal!

We’ve got this big old moon on May 10th that you’ll find exciting. It’s the apex of what you’ve been working so hard toward at work.

You want to know what else? Mars is in your true-love sector until June 4th, so get the hell out there and distribute some business cards. “You’ll be in the mood for love, which is always a number one requirement to attract love,” said Susan. Raise your hand if you’re sewing that on a pillow. Please also raise you hand if you think pillows embroidered with cute quips like that were the original Instagram quote.

Mars is going to make sure you look hot as fell for your sex fest, by the way. And on May 25th, that fresh new moon is going to pump up the volume even MORE into your love life and happy emotions. It’s going to be like the Trolls movie up in here, if Trolls were R-rated I guess? That’s gotta exist somewhere on the internet.

Pisces

You’re going to be traveling a ton at the beginning of may, Apple Pisces. OH my god, speaking of pie! I told Gemini that I think we should bring back/take back “pie hole” because I love the term so much. Pie is great but it gets a bad rap with that “shut your pie hole” crap. Focus Zorro, focus! Okay. (I’m Zorro in this scenario, trying to type the second-to-last horoscope.) So this travel! Yes. You’re spontaneous and flexible as fish, so you’re cool with travel plans that may come up last minute. Don’t think too much and just go with it. You will not regret your decision.

Pluto’s going to be pumping up your communication center all month, which means that where things can sometimes get rocky — because of the he-said, she-said, I didn’t get that email, I didn’t understand what you meant bullshit — Pluto is going to be R-E-G-U-L-A-T-I-N-G like a motherfucker. Pluto is going to be the Samuel L. Jackson of planets when it comes to proper communication. And I tell you this because it means all will sail smoothly for you when…

You get offered your own radio show, TV show, opportunity to lecture, podcast or other amazing creative endeavor! The next A Voice of Our Generation!

What else what else. Remember what I said about travel: On May 10th, make sure your passport is up-to-date and handy.

On May 25th, there’s going to be an emphasis on home and spring cleaning. A little feng shui perhaps? Sure, why not.

And as for career, it’s going well, I swear, even though you may think you’re doing it wrong or heading in the wrong direction or making a mess. I promise you, you’re not. Saturn has been teaching you all along, like Dumbledore. Do you feel like a spring wizard yet, Harry?

Aries

ARIES. TALK ABOUT SAVING THE BEST FOR LAST. I have waited this whole time and all 11 other signs (did you read them all or just scroll down fast) to talk to about GOAT YOGA and GOAT PARKOUR.


Just when you’re about to lose faith in humanity, this kind of thing comes up. Of course, this is animal-ity, and they’re really the best things on earth, aren’t they? I figured you’d be the best one to chat to about this since your sign is sort of goat-like. At this point I’m second guessing a ton of the signs’ animals after learning that I didn’t really know what a Capricorn was supposed to be. Feel free to clear it up in the comments section where I’ll be hanging out and snacking.

On May 9th or 10th you’re primed by the planets to get a raise, not to mention that Venus and Mercury are both out of their respective retrogrades. This means that everything is going to move forward, make progress and feel all-around good. People are going to be HAPPY. OH HAPPY DAY. Scroll up if you want to watch some Gleeks and two cultural icons sing about it.

Semi in that vein, your career is going incredibly well thanks to Uranus in Aries with Saturn (the planet ruling your house of fame) at an ideal angle. Honestly, I’d normally make a butt-sex joke here but I don’t want to do it in front of the goats.

Erm, speaking of, Susan said this; “Uranus is the planet of innovation and experimentation,” (mhmm) “and is considered the planet genius. Saturn is the planet of stability and permanence, linking to planets in a rare, ideal state. Your creativity will be running at all-time highs all month, especially on May 18th, so put forth a well-conceived concept while these two planets are protecting you and twinkling above.” Read between the lines there with extra lubrication, but it’s all good stuff. It’s all magic.

On May 25th, plan a trip because you’ll be restless. And on May 30th, when it comes to your life (not to be broad), a breakthrough is scheduled to happen. Ready? I’ll bet you are. It’s May! Up and at ’em!

Aries

HAPPY BIRTHDAY ARIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Oh my god I am so sorry — for a second I thought I was writing on your Facebook wall. That’s probably because Mercury and Venus are already packing up for their trip at the Retrograde Resort and Spa where they’ll trip on ayahuasca, refuse to answer texts for a ton of days as part of the overall cleanse, then come back and talk about it nonstop, and it’s making me a little forgetful. I already lost one wireless Apple headphone, and then I lost the pod which charges the headphones, so I have one dead headphone for my bad ear and a $100 regret that involves a shitty replacement pair that feels like two tiny cocktail wieners shoved into my ears plus a long story, one that can be made longer than this sentence if you then ask me to explain how I know about the tiny cocktail wiener-in-ear sensation.

It’s kindergarten-level-G rated, but it does involve the emergency room.

Anyway! Because of this retrograde bullshit (I know what I said in the intro, okay) the motto of this month is very Vanilla Ice:

ninja-rap-1Zoom
Stop, collaborate and listen. Extra good-luck points this month to whoever can find me a proper GIF of that song.

You’ve got great career news on April 10th — a date that’s good if you’re in a committed relationship, not so much if you’re single and looking to start something brand new, but whatever, jobs first, tiny cocktail wieners second in descending order of priority. Speaking yet again of tiny cocktail wieners (TCW going forward), “Uranus will add considerable relationship tension because this planet of chaos and unpredictable events will oppose the moon and conjoin the Sun.” Excellent, thanks so much to literally the most annoying planet beside Mercury.

Hey guess what? You’re going to get rich on April 26th! Kiss that new moon’s sweet butt and pray your May horoscopes dictate a less-weird narrative in my brain!

HBD again! <3

Taurus

Oooooooooooh GIRLLLLLL it is almost birthday month but we MUST! CONSERVE! OUR ENERGY! We must also, more as a reminder to myself, book that birthday venue now because you know that each and every single year we try to do it last-minute then have to pull weird strings to get a damn favor up in this joint.

Mars, the energy and action planet, is now in Taurus, “giving us a big advantage over the competition.” According to Suz, this is a trend (my favorite kind besides shoes!) that started last month and will continue into April 21st. Not a great shelf life but #fastfashion, man, am I right? I dare someone to knock that trend off. Good luck, sucker!

I AM LITERALLY D E L I R I O U S RIGHT NOW, FYI.

Mars is going to give us courage, determination and drive to keep moving forward to get the goods. Just don’t sign anything. I know you know but I have to mom us both for a second.

The full moon on April 10th puts an end to an annoying project that brings money, which is great because we’ll be focused on our home life for the remainder of the month — ESPECIALLY convenient considering no can do on the plastic surgery thanks to Venus’s snooze and without a home project, I’m almost consistently like, “Should I or should I not get a unicorn horn permanently affixed to my forehead?”

Gemini

GeminAye yi YI you seem tense, let me hug you, let me love you. My eyes are crossing so disregard 9/10ths of what I’m about to say. Okay. On April 10th you will be centering a lot of your thoughts around the person you’re dating (please interpret that at your own will) or, alternatively, you’ll be focused on a baby. Remember that this baby, too, can be a metaphorical baby, like a job project, or a food baby, like a burrito.

It’s a friend-centric month for you, and though you may experience some “reverse news” at this full moon (reverse news is the new alternative news only more backwards is how I’m going to interpret that), it will bring about a happy ending once all this hoopla is over with the retrograde. Sexually “active Mars will be in lovely angle to transformative Pluto,” wrote Susan. What that means is you need to knock at every ajar door just in case.

When Mars enters Gemini on April 21st, you will let out a giant sigh of emotional relief. Energy is going to shift around and you will feel back in CONTROL. I know it’s hard to see that when your life feels like it took a sleeping pill then got woken up for a fire drill, but it’s coming. The new moon on April 26th has a center around meditation and relaxation, so maybe sign up for a yoga class or something. No better way to get your in-control on like planetary ohm.

Cancer

UGH. Cancer! Hi cutie. You are going to feel stressed at work for a bit “thanks” to the new moon in Aries, and everyone who sits around you will be crabby (hahaha) too. If you’ve ever wondered, now you will know what it’s like for Haley to sit next to me always. I’m a monster.

Only true love and a sing-a-long can snap me out of it. That or a personified teacup. WHICH, speaking of, can I just take this moment to rank the most interestingly cute characters in an animated movie?

1) Chip from Beauty and the Beast, the original

2) Ducky from The Land Before Time

3) Blanky from The Brave Little Toaster

Cast your votes now. I’m Ryan Seacrest, thank you and goodnight.

Can’t remember if we even talked about your horoscopes at all and don’t have the mouse power (battery is dying) to scroll up, so! You’re going to feel pulled in a few directions this month — that’s normal. You’ll get through it. Breathe. Home life will be on your mind on April 10th, and on April 21st, work from home. See above crabby shit. Just trust me. More or less, take a knee on this month. Do a final round of hibernation. May is the time to really get out of your shell.

Leo

Hello you big-maned wonder of an astrological creation, it’s so nice to see you. You look like you’ve been scratching again. It’s not fleas, though. It’s not bed bugs either, and please stop texting me photos of nearby insects every time you get a mosquito bite. Maybe cool it with the Jessica Simpson edible lotion and winter-squitos will stop taking pinches of your butt with their snouts. You’re itchy because you want to travel. You want to travel far, far away. You totally can, just be prepared for some Mercury-related travel crap that will be annoying more than anything.

At work, you’re ready to move ahead. You are chomping at the bit like a Scandinavian hobby-horse equestrian. (<-When the news came out about that I have never felt more understood but also, less recognized for my early contributions to that sport.) But the timing is not quite right for you to make your move. You have a stick horse between your legs and DO NOT MAKE THAT SEXUAL YOU ABSOLUTE CREEP. Horoscopes are family friendly! After April 15th though, that’s when you can begin making shuffles. You’ll be in full gear by May 20th (with a really strong career day packed in around April 26th to further this momentum) so if I were you, I’d just hang out and start getting limber for summer. Kick, stretch, kick, baby. Just like Sally O’Mally.

giphyZoom
Virgo

You are making a lot of money, my friendly Virgo, but it may not feel like it, or you may not be able to enjoy it, because the last full moon — the one on March 27th — is still stressing you out. This feeling will wane, just like that cheesy motherfucker.

Avoid contracts on the 11th!

Okay. Now, a bit of travel is going to be really good for you this month if you can swing it. Oddly, Susan thinks it will soothe your money worries. This is probably because if you’re anything like me, money feels completely fake on vacation and then one month later, when you’re back, you’re like, “Boy oh boy do I love nothing more than eating dry toast and old eggs!” Whatever. I say just go for it. You’re only young once, which means you have a very short window of time where you can pretend like you “forgot” it was tax season.

CAN WE STOP TALKING ABOUT MONEY PLEASE? For heaven’s sake!

On April 21st, your career will “light up brilliantly” (Susan is so much better with adverbs than I am) once Mars enters Gemini. “This period will help you lay the groundwork for a big career opportunity to come up after the new moon next month, May 25,” she says, which is so exciting. I just drank too much apple-backed green juice if you’re wondering and I’m not not going to puke a bit, but know that it has nothing to do with you.

How could it! Especially when the new moon in Taurus (moo!) is so down to be your friend on April 26th. That moon is going to lasso up Neptune, Saturn and Pluto to create a trio just for you — a great crew — and together, these planets will ensure the following in your life: stability (!), fun (!!) and a “close rapport with your partner.” Of the horizontal variety? Here’s hoping! Guess that’s my cue! I will leave you to it!

Libra

Oh my sweet Libra, the celestial favorite of the year, come here into my arms and let me embrace to you while proving I showered recently. Susan tells me the stars tell her that a partner (either past, present or platonic) opened up an old wound. I know that hurts. Here. Let me put this metaphorical Neosporin on it and hand you a drink.

Pluto’s out here dredging some shit up, too. When it’s like this I know how it feels: like you can’t catch a damn break.

But let me remind you!!! Every time rough stuff like this comes up, it offers a brand-new perspective. It’s the fast track to butterfly from caterpillar, often when we didn’t even know we were anywhere near a cocoon. I’ve said this a few times throughout the horoscopes, but let me say it again, more direct to you: this April is an annoying month of preparation. MAY is where it’s at. It’ll be here soon.

On April 10th, something super important will come your way (give or take four days to that date). On April 21st, your world will settle down. The ability to travel may arise and if you feel up for it, go. It could relax you further.

Best of all, come April 26th, money is gonna fall down like the rain Hilary Duff used to sing about on Laguna Beach. Here’s a link. If that’s not worth reading through this crap, I don’t know what is.

Scorpio

The force is with you on April 5th (Susan actually said that and also WAIT. CAN WE TALK FOR A DAMN MOMENT about how Adam Driver was in Star Wars: the Force Awakens? Did you know that? Did everyone know that except for me? I just learned that in the after-portion of GIRLS). Yeah, I forget why I brought that up, but here’s a question for you:

How many pistachios is too many pistachios?

On April 11th, you’re scheduled to receive a surprise at work. Susan was nondescript in the summary about whether that was a good surprise or a bad surprise, which all hinges, really, on whether or not you like surprises. She was very clear, however, that you should listen to and trust your hunches around this time. They’re super tuned-in.

You’ll have to be more go-with-the-flow than you’d like on April 15th thanks to Venus’s BS — you won’t be able to convince people do things your way as easily — and on April 26th, a haunting relationship question will be resolved. DTR? Don’t mind if I do!

“Your very best romantic weekend will be April 15-16,” writes Susan, “when Venus, in water-sign Pisces most of the month (a glorious place for Venus to be for you), will reach out to Mars, your ruler, in Taurus. Venus is Mars’ cosmic lover, and when found together in aspect, these two set off lovely fireworks in the night sky.” You know what those fireworks sound like, right? Bow-chick-ow-ow!

Sagittarius

I’ve found your calling. Hobby Horsing is, as the media calls it, the new craze sweeping Scandinavia, where teens and young girls run around astride a hobby horse and compete in equestrian activities. It’s sort of like quidditch. I’d also like to point out that this crazy is only new to the media; every single girl who has ever gone through a horse phase also went through a this phase, and a competitive one at that. Tack stores sell jumps “for dogs” but really, parents buy them for their daughters so that their daughters stop taking giant leaps for mankind over dangerous, makeshift hurdles. It’s good preparation for track and field.

Where were we? Oh yeah anyway, you’re half horse and this month you need to get comfortable with the feeling of taking two steps forward and one step back. “How am I supposed to do that,” you’re probably neighing. You’re so lucky I can speak horse. Well here’s my reply: because it’s not permanent! This little Shirley Temple stair dance that you’re doing is only going to last the month of April, and it’s going to make you so much more successful in May. Swear it.

Good luck scheduling anything thanks to both retrogrades, though. Heads up there.

Can we talk about love before I leave you?

“With half the solar system in your love and children sector – the Sun, new moon, Mercury, Uranus, and Venus – it would be hard not to think about anything BUT your love life,” writes Susan. And with good reason! It’s going to be a beautiful month for love for you if you’re in a serious relationship or if you’re married.

…It’s going to be more annoying if you’re single, but what else is new?

Dedicate April 11th to friendship; on the 26th, don’t hit reply-all on a company-wide email; and use this month to hit the metaphorical hay before the birth month of all of your favorite people: MAY!

rs_600x796-150430104629-CD20z_PVIAAfh6jZoom
Capricorn

Capricorn, I am so proud of you for taking this wacky planetary April and channeling it into home-life concentration. Now you can FINALLY organize all that you’ve been hoping to organize! You can feng shui your bedroom to your heart’s content. You might be super focused on MATTERS of the home, i.e. more important stuff, but all of that in stride. As I always say, probably a bit unhelpfully but with full confidence, “You’ve got this.”

In that theme, you very well may be offered a new job or promotion this month — and congratulations! No doubt you’ve earned it. Uranus (that’s the new transitional “but,”), “Venus is the natural ruler of your prestigious honors, awards, and achievement tenth house,” reminds Susan. And with Venus being retrograde, something might be not quite right. Sit tight if you can. Review everything being offered. If it smells fishy, try not to offend a Pisces by saying that around one but do investigate a bit. Or see if you can delay until May. I mean or don’t and just be one of those individuals who are somehow unaffected by horoscopes, mostly because they don’t read them.

“The best part of April will be the strong emphasis on love and romance for you,” writes Suz. REDEMPTION! I love horoscope redemption. “Mars will jazz up your love life quite a bit while Mars remains in Taurus, lighting your fifth house of love until April 21.” When Mars leaves, the new moon in Taurus makes your love life even stronger. So to be absolutely mature about it, I say, OOH, BABY!

Aquarius

You’re going to want to travel this month. I know you. I can feel it in your wiggly bones because the vibrations are bouncing off you and onto my forehead (which is doing great things for my fine lines, actually, so thank you, because Susan wants everyone to hold off on the Botox yadda yadda this month thanks to Venus and her selfish catnap). Anyway, think about traveling all you want, especially spontaneous travel, but just know that should you choose to accept your mission, the traveling itself will be a bit of a bee eye tee cee aych.

Still, you can do it. Probably better than most while Mercury is in retrograde. “You are ruled by Uranus,” writes Susan, “so you tend to take in stride the thunderbolts that Uranus sends us to keep our wits sharp.” Oh my. I had no idea this was going to take that kind of turn. But you should be proud! You know how to sidestep a sticky situation better than a mom of twins with a puppy that has yet to be potty trained.

No contracts for you this month. Instead, focus on your home. You’ll feel especially energized by the new moon on April 26th. And if you’re thinking about love, great. It’s coming. May is your month. For now, enjoy the cozy comfort of a new couch that Susan Miller seems to think you’re about to buy.

Pisces

Pickled Pisces, how are ya?? What do you say, shall we shut this shit down to horoscope town and get the hell on with the rest of our month? YES! We shall! I’ll put the fish stick in the oven, you’ll make the Bloody Marys and I’ll remind us both that a Bloody Mary can never be shortened to “BM,” no matter how short we are on time, no matter how much we believe brevity is the soul of wit. It’s the same thing with “Save the Date” and “Saves the Day,” the emo band. It’s all a bit unfortunate, I know.

You have a heavy spending month!!!! That’s fun. Hopefully you’re shopping for something good. (And yeah, you should buy that.) It’s also tax season, so woooooooo zzzzzzz sorry fell asleep there. Don’t worry. You really are going to rake it in. You will have a bunch of creative projects come up that pay big bucks, even if they are a bit erratically placed. You’ve got this. Yay!

The point of the full moon swinging just around the river bend on April 11th is to teach us all to become more adaptable and resourceful. I love a moon that helps me adult, even if I hate that saying — using adult as a verb. It’s worse than summer, but sometimes you gotta do what the internet tells you when you can not longer think for yourself.

I’m talking about me, not you. You’re going to be great. Especially on April 26th, another full moon (this one is a a joyous bloomer, per Suz) “that will help you hone your talents to a higher level,” creatively. Ooh! And it looks like you’ve been keeping that LinkedIn network up to date: A friend is going to make a successful introduction at the end of the month. Don’t forget that strong fin-shake!

Aries

HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU BEAUTIFUL DOUBLE-HORNED CREATURE! What does your birthday cake look like and does it have giant figs on it similar to Dan Humphrey’s wedding cake?

There’s not a TON of time left (depending on when you read this) so take advantage of this as soon as you can: Your ruler Mars is in Aries until the 9th, which will give you a SuperMario power boost (or is that a Sonic the Hedgehog thing?) (don’t eat ‘shrooms either way) and add extra leverage to something important you either have to or want to do. Also, because of this arrangement, “[y]ou will be ultra-magnetic and persuasive,” writes Groovin’ Susan. “Mars will be orbiting close to Venus in Aries, a rare event..indicating that your sex appeal will reach new heights.” See? If you’d been on ‘shrooms who knows what would have happened to your sex drive. Don’t do drugs, please! This is a family show. One that’s a bit awkward to watch with your parents but whatever.

Just because you’re extra sexy this month doesn’t mean you should get too serious in love. Take it slow until Venus is out of retrograde. Don’t rush into relationships. Do not try to DTR. Delay an engagement if you can. Let things happen on their own. Interestingly, Susan doesn’t mind a little tap back to an ex. It might bring closure if nothing else. A good opportunity to finally get your old DVD box set of The OC Season 1 back.

Taurus

I just ate one of those four-packs of Twix during the time it took me to write the last sentence in the sign above yours, so if I puke a little bit while speaking, don’t mind me. Really wish I’d read our sign first, though, because this month is going to be all about friendship for us. (I’m a Taur, too.) Had I known that, I could have shared my four-pack of Twix. Except I probably wouldn’t have. If I don’t listen to the washing instructions on my clothes then why would I listen to the sharing instructions on a candy wrapper, you know? But back to those friends: Join a club this month. Your girl Suz predicts it will involve a humanitarian organization, which feels right.

We’ll be even more social and extra charming/attractive in March than usual (LOOK, I AM JUST THE MESSENGER) so get ready to mingle and network and laugh with your pod of dolphins. In terms of love, however, it’s a little confusing: our ruling planet, Venus, is in retrograde starting March 4th until April 15th. This time might not be prime for romance…except on March 12th it will be, so IDK. Planets are weird.

On March 9th, Mars is moving into Taurus, which is going to set us up strong and steady in our careers. We’ll be creative, productive (especially at the end of the month; get ready to cut the socializing and go into hermit mode) and probably wildly wealthy in like five minutes.

Oh, and apparently “something important” happened March 4th!!! Sorry you’re reading this afterward. Tell me what it was in the comments.

Gemini

Gemini, hi, how EXCITINGGG — you are in for a big career shakeup thanks to the eclipse at the end of February. Are you excited are you freaking out are you dancing what could it be?? “You have no reason to duck change — embrace it,” writes Susan. I automatically saw “duck” as “fuck” because of autocorrect so I read that sentence wrong at first and, anyway, your career and the change that comes with it sounds so cool.

In addition to all that, friendship will be of focus at the top of the month. All good things. You’ll have fun with the ones you love and if you can’t stand ‘em, you’ll make new ones. You know what else you’ll make? A big chunk of money that’s gonna plop into your lap like a ham hock from the sky. It’s either a bonus or some rich lady in heaven dropped a stack by accident.

No plastic surgery for you from March 4th through April 15th, and, at the end of the month, relax. You’ll have been going so fast that taking a week off to put your feet up is going to feel so great on the old barkin’ dogs. Read a book and calm your fomo: You’ll have the whole rest of spring and summer to drink pink stuff al fresco well past your bedtime.

Cancer

Pack your bag you kooky crab because you just won a trip to HAWAII!!!!!!!!!!!! Or somewhere! Susan wants you to travel this month. Go someplace exotic and foreign to your senses. Eat, pray, love, rinse, repeat.

Where career is concerned, last month might have been one of your best career-advancement periods in two years. Is that true?? Can I buy you a drink to celebrate? It’s not over: You might be offered an even more exciting position at your company toward the end of the month. You’ll be stressed about it, but Susan promises (and therefore so do I) that this is going to be a good thing. OMG WHERE IS MARTHA STEWART AND THAT TAGLINE? Do you miss her or what???? “It’s a good thing.” Is she still saying that on her TV program with Snoop Dogg? I don’t even know, but thank god he once rapped out “D-O-double-G” or I would never remember two Gs were there.

No home buying for you until May 18th because of Venus, okay? The girl next to me on the airplane (now her second appearance in these ‘scopes) is watching Girl on the Train, and that movie will make you never want to buy a house as long as you live, let me tell you.

Anywho, it will be a fun month for you, too. Mars is going to start hanging out with Taurus on March 9th, and you haven’t had this fun effect for two years! Mars is a party animal, you’re going to love this time. Friendship City, USA, here! You! Come!

Leo

Oooh, financial management month for you! Fun! Do your taxes or whatever but also, get ready to receive a huge chunk of money from sort of out of nowhere. It’s going to be so big that it will allow you to finally fulfill a dream. Also, I’m writing this on the plane and I just have to tell you that the woman next to me is chewing on strips of beef jerky so loudly I’m a little concerned for her jaw. More than anything, I’m shocked people actually eat beef jerky. It just seems like a weird snack to buy. Wouldn’t you rather have chips? Please advise/discuss in the comments. Needs at least a 20-person dialogue.

In non-beef news (although this is a really meat-themed horoscope season if you’ve been multi-sign reading), Mars is in your 10th house of Oscars and other awards. You may be offered a new job or position, but don’t feel pressure to take it. In fact, see if you can put off decision making of this sort until after May 18th. Distract them with your white teeth or something.

You’ll be drained on the 17th. Take a day off, stay in that night and do Pretty Winter instead.

Susan focuses your end-of-the-month ‘scope around travel, so either book something cheap or get after a trip you’ve been putting off. At the same time, work shit will soar. “The fires of love will be fanned by travel too in late month,” writes our Poet Laureate of the sky, “so if the opportunity strikes, take it.” She contradicts herself earlier but who is she (or I, really), to question what those wacky planets say?

Virgo

This March is technically marked as your sign’s “winter” because you’re as far away from the sun as possible. It means that others get “their time in the sun” as Susan said, but it doesn’t mean you’re in the dark. You just get to wear a slightly lower SPF.

Hope I’m not spoiling any surprises here, but you may get engaged or married this month! That could also be a partner engagement/marriage if you’re like, “NO thanks, lady. I’m a single Pringle and once you pop you don’t stop.”

You’ll love the full moon on the 12th, mostly because it’s going to make you rich, and at the end of the month you’ll be so creative and bursting with ideas thanks to the super-fun clusterfuck of planets that you won’t stand a chance of NOT being successful. You’re going to dream up app after app and then be able to put your money where your brain power is to make it happen. Hello!

With all of this fun stuff happening, just know that Venus is taking a little bit of a nap at the Retrograde Resort and Spa, which means that it’s not a great time to begin new love and other partnerships. You can look back at it, for sure, though. Avoid facial reconstruction and aggressive time traveling during this time, too. Otherwise you’ll do just fine. Susan says that you Virgos are patient souls. It’s going to serve you well in March, just like that waiter who brought you extra shots for no reason that one time.

Libra

You better be-libra I’m using the old be-libra joke again. I kind of missed it, didn’t you? Let’s take a quick breath together before we go any further because you’ve got a busy start to March.

Your career is skyrocketing and it’s all just so exciting. My jeans are too tight for this airplane seat but what do you care! You’re probably winning Pulitzers, ASMEs and Juice Generation gift certificates as I type this because where creative projects are concerned, you are going to excel. You’ll take on new projects and be able to balance them like the Mad Hatter with a set of teacups. You’re going to be like, “Oh my god, I couldn’t possibly take on another client I’m too busy…what’s that? A billion dollars? Okay great!” And the planets will help facilitate.

Venus will be in retrograde from the 4th to April 11th. Venus is your ruler so you’ll be affected, but it’s not a bad thing. It’s a good time to pause on a current relationship, maybe take a step back and reconsider your feelings. Don’t start something new, or at least don’t rush into anything, and don’t let that stress you out if you wanted to lock someone down, either: the months ahead are prepping themselves for romance. Shaving their chests and whatnot.

This time also is going to allow you to go back and fix something that you’ve been thinking about. It might be related to a past relationship (Susan’s not averse to your reaching out to an old fling). Or, it might have to do with business. Shit is getting sorted out regardless. Avoid radical beauty treatments during this time like cosmetic earlobe reconstruction or going from brunette to Creamsicle orange but by all means, shower. You’re going to be busy so just wanted to throw out that reminder.

Scorpio

Oooh Stingbutt! (That’s my new nickname for you.) Stingbutt! March is going to be an exciting month of romance for you, which is so fun for me because so many of the other signs are getting the “hang out a second” hand motion from Susaroo in this arena. I have to blow my nose if you were wondering but don’t want to stop until I’m done writing so if you needed convincing of this above prediction, well there you have Act 1 of love: I held off on blowing my nose for you.

Speaking of love, Neptune has designed some sort of personalized celestial sex dance in your honor! “Neptune will be orbiting close to the solar eclipse, a highly glamorous vibration, so do your best to keep your feet on the ground, for it would be all too easy to get carried away with this breathless vibration.” I mean, amen.

Thanks to the solar eclipse and probably your post-O flush, new chances to find “your one true love” (Susan words), have a baby, get married and excel in your career are shooting out all over the place as though life were your personal confetti gun. Great social life ahead, too!

You’re going to be more focused in the job scene toward the end of the month after you’ve gotten premature spring-fever flirting out of your system (ain’t no shame in that game!), so get ready to put your head down and crank it out. Ditto that for a marathon of some sort you may be training for. You’ll crave this kind of centering, though. It won’t feel like a chore. Oh, and listen to the wise one here: “Be patient when slowdowns crop up – delays will benefit you!”

Sagittarius

Sagittuna tartar, WHAT in god’s green acres is with Susan’s obsession surrounding your sign and water? She is never not on a “watch out for leaky pipes” hype with your sign. She’s like how my dad asks me at least once a year if I know how to plunge a toilet or stop it from overflowing. The answer is always no.

Toilet water or not, you’re going to be very focused on home improvement with Tim Allen and real estate in general, so maybe you’re moving or just love to calculate square footage. May I offer you some feng-shui tips?

Here’s something nice Susan said about you in regards to this month: “No matter what you are trying to achieve you have the wherewithal to do it.” I mean, well there you go! I haven’t had my wherewithal with me since ’89.

If any part of your career starts to feel sticky this month, Pluto will help you through it. You know what else will help you through it? All the money you’re set to make and then run naked through on the 11th.

In terms of love and everything like it, there’s a full moon on the 27th that’s showing off its two pantsless cheeks in your honor. If you’re in a relationship, revert back to the flirt for the sake of a good time. Ooh baby. If you’re single, get out there and meet someone in spandex at the damn gym! Make it neon while you’re at it.

Capricorn

ASSUMING you’re a singer/songwriter/artist who has been handed a contract, see if you can hold off another month to sign it. You’re way more likely to work a better deal. Technically this applies to anyone who might have to deal with a contract this month, but isn’t it fun, just for a moment, to feel what Ariana Grande once felt? Let’s all take a minute to pull our hair up as high as it can go in her honor and ask ourselves why we didn’t pursue vocal lessons.

Hey, guess what? You’re also going to be very creative this month. Neptune is going to be your muse and you’re going to want to create something cinematic and beautiful.

All of this contract and creativity nonsense aside (I actually feel like I have no idea what I’m writing about right now — where’s Uranus? Bring Uranus back!), your career is going to feel a LITTLE bit paused, but it’s not paused. It’s really not. It’s just not on that Miley Cyrus climb. It’s taking a chill pill, like my nonsense metaphors in today’s weather report should probably do. Just be patient if you can. Venus is retrograding, but she’ll be back in action hardcore by May 18th. You’ll be raring to go then, too.

Hmm, what else? You might decorate your apartment a lot this month? That sounds fun!

And when it comes to love, “romance will be blossoming,” writes my own eternal muse. Mars is in your fifth house of hubba hubba until the 21st, and when the new moon of April 26th kicks in, you’ll be sex on inline wheels.

Aquarius 

Hey Aquarius, stop buying guppies and sea snails to eat the algae off your aquarium. It’s not algae. It’s money. Yes! March is the best time for your sign to ask for a raise in all of 2017. Neptune will be doing this odd mating ritual dance wayy too close to the moon — which could mean a bit of confusion surrounding this interaction — so just be extra-clear. Put things in writing, use bullet points and maybe underline the important stuff. I’m a fan of highlighters myself, but once read they don’t actually help us retain information; instead, when we highlight something, it tells our brain to forget it. That would explain my college experience.

Up until the 12th is also an excellent time to sell — ads, yourself for a new job, a creative idea floating around in your brain. Whatever it may be, get it out into the world.

Boring stuff: Wait until the third week of May to sign contracts of any kind, to redecorate or to buy real estate. Susan was adamant about this.

Fun stuff: Thriller really thinks you should do a camping trip or visit, and I quote, “a dude ranch in Arizona.” That seems reasonable enough to me! Can I come?

Pisces

“This month will bring the last eclipse in a two-year series in Virgo-Pisces that affected you since March 2015,” writes Susan. I should keep track of these things, but I don’t, so I wanted to relay that information in case it means anything to you. Really, my job here is just to liaise. “All Pisces will see opportunity arise, but those born within five days of February 26 will feel it more – if that is you, your entire life could now show immediate shifts in lifestyle.”

On March 12th, you’re scheduled to make an important decision about an even more important relationship. Interpret that as you wish.

We’ve got two retrogrades happening: Venus, who is taking her PTO from March 4th to April 5th, and Mercury, who’s off April 9th to May 3rd with limited access to email. Because of this, don’t take on any new projects or people. Use this time to reflect on the past (in a healthy way), looking back only to fix something that feels unfinished.

At the end of the month, the new moon in Aries on March 27th is setting you up hard and fast for a raise. Susan seems to think that there’s something else surrounding this same date (Saturn’s pegging the moon, if you want to go there for a moment because I haven’t made one sex joke at all yet since the intro): you may be offered a job that is prestigious but not necessarily going to afford you the kind of bank account that can drop dollars on infinity pools. Slightly contradictory there, so go with your gut and trust your fishtincts.

Pisces

Happy birthday my sweet piece of Pie-sces. I have one question for you and that is, “Will you be my Valentine?” No pressure, just don’t be surprised if I also ask all other 11 signs too for the sake of not choosing favorites unlike some astrologers we know.

You are going to be so creative this month. Susan thinks you might have a baby. If you want to have a baby then yay! Confirmation! And if you are not ready to birth a human child then also remember that horoscopes can be interpreted in many ways and the baby concept can also pertain to a project that’s important to you or your Nano Pet.

I know I literally, in the intro, just said I was going to talk to everyone about love but you are loved and besides, your sign was filled with so much money it was like walking into Gringotts after a hoedown. A “massive change” is headed your way with a due date of February 26th — a solar eclipse, which is v. powerful — so if it is romance that has you itchy, scratch yourself with your gold coins and relax: this positive change is likely to have a big-bang effect. And you know what that means, right?

Dinosaurs!!!!!!!!

Aries

Aries the ONLY THING I CAN THINK ABOUT RIGHT NOW IS AN ARIZONA ICED TEA BECAUSE I saw an advertisement the other day and I forgot how good those tall cans of straight-up sugar were!! Where did they go? Were they banned or do they still exist in Sedona??

Horoscope-wise, Mars is in your sign, “an enviable position that started last month on January 28th,” said Thriller. “Ancient astrologers wrote that having Mars in your sign is a powerful advantage, for Mars puts your interests first and coaxes you to present your ideas forcefully with courage, determination and drive.” This lasts until the 9th so make the avocado moast of it.

Time for your love forecast: February 10th to 14th is going to be the best time for all things bedroom and elsewhere. Romance knows no bounds but if you do anything in the library remember that they have cameras and the hills have eyes! You’ll meet someone new during this time if you’re like hey wtf about me. (Uranus will be useful for once and see to it!) Just be social and all will be bow-chicka-wow-ow-well. Single and like it that way? Great! Send yourself a nude.

Taurus

Oh my god SUSAN! She thinks we are about to enter into a CLANDESTINE RELATIONSHIP!!! Like that is so much drama. What with our endlessly budding careers and rise to fame and all that she promises us over and over again (not complaining, keep the celestial dollar signs coming please because this cynic loves a self-fulfilling prophecy). I am not sure how we’d even have time to sneak around in our skivvies but let this be a reminder and a cautionary tale to all: clandestine is fun and exciting and a great SAT word. But when it involves the man of another man or woman or the woman of another woman or man, it never ends well! Let Nathaniel Archibald be our cautionary tale so that we keep our eyes on the prize (or our brilliant lives, you guys) and not get distracted by candy that could get someone’s ass kicked. IDK sometimes I black out while writing and I’ve basically only ever watched five television shows in my entire lifetime including Summer House, six if you count Planet Earth which, oddly, has yet to help me out here.

“Romance could be very festive in the first days of February, when Venus your ruler will cuddle closely to Mars, her cosmic love,” writes Susan. All of which sounds pretty promising to me. LMK if you want to double date in the comments below.

Gemini

To you, travel is like oxygen, says Susan Miller at the beginning of your horoscope intro and therefore sounding like every person ever’s online dating bio. “I love to laugh and I love to travel!!!” What if you hated laughter and travel? I’d love you so much. The other day I was swiping and this guy had a photo of his two bearded friends and his bio said “the two guys in my last picture are my sons.” I thought that was funny. Because everyone’s always like, “It’s my nephew.” What if you don’t like nephews? These are things I need to know. The comment section is your oyster and yes I’m fine don’t worry about me.

AS for you, the full moon lunar eclipse will happen on February 10th in Leo at 23 degrees. Nick Lachey, feel free to consider that for your solo tour name, should you choose to set off on that venture. If ever. Not only will it improve your writing, speaking and travel (there it is again), it will bring in all of the best qualities of surrounding planets like Jupiter and Uranus, who is not being an ass this month, to create a planetary stew. No Crock-Pot required, but when you walk in the kitchen it’s going to smell like romance.

“Additionally,” writes Susan, “Saturn, planet of stability, from your house of commitment, could bring stunning help from a committed business and or romantic partner.” Ready to DTR? That’s so modern royal family of you.

Cancer

Hey pinch-y little crab! You’re not going to have to pinch pennies for long because Susan foresees lots of money rolling in for your sign this month. Like she really kept talking about it. The rules of etiquette and small talk say it’s pretty rude to bring up bank but like, we’re close and sometimes a girl’s gotta brag about her riches, right? YOU EARNED IT. Srsly!

Don’t forget that you can be rich in other ways too, like friendship, which you will be, but listen, I know you came here for one purpose today — one that involves lace doilies, glitter glue, Bob Fosse and potential make out sessions, not with Bob Fosse per se. LOVE! What’s love got to do with any of this besides Tina Turner? Uh, your horoscope.

Valentine’s Day will be fine and well but it’s the weekend before (February 11th and 12th) where you’ll really feel the satisfying sting of cupid’s bow in your shoulder. Susan says promises will be kept, I say you’ll meet someone special if you’ve been on the market, a perfectly-ripe avocado of a human who matches up exactly with your own guacamole timeline. If you’re taken, I ain’t shaken. I would, however, like to discus the bacon drought of 2017 with someone. Is that better or worse than the time there was a rosé shortage in the Hamptons?<-

^ I am so sorry that I can’t stop watching Summer House. Scroll up and kick my shins!!!!!!!!

Leo

LeOooOOooooOOOooo are you so excited it’s Oscar’s season?? Good joke, huh? It’s definitely your season for love.

The way the planets are aligned (which I don’t really feel like discussing right even though this is your horoscope and you deserve to have all the info), you’re primed to have one or more “elements” (nice and vague word courtesy of True-san) enter your life that will change the course of your world in very good way. Let it be known that your career will rise, money will pour down and all will be well.

But let’s talk LOVE because I am like Andy Cohen and I want the 411!

If you’re in a serious relationship, it’s about to get more serious (in a fun way, don’t get scared and do something weird). If you’re single, don’t touch the plate that your server told you not to touch 100 times because Venus will be in fire-sign areas and OUCH! It’s hot! Because mama’s cookin’ up a pot of love. Every day this month is a lucky day for you in terms of romance, but the 10th through the 13th and the 26th are looking particularly strong. Someone’s been sticking to their resolution and working out.

Virgo

Speaking of working out in case you accidentally read Leo’s sign and thought it was yours the whole time even though I very clearly said “Leo” with a shit ton of Os in it before I began, Susan thinks this month is a great time to start a fitness regimen yay!!!!!!!!!

If you’ve already started, then kindly let me know how many is too many chocolate-covered candied orange slices to eat before a slow-and-steady death begins to set in? It may be too late for me but I promise I will finish this before I go.

You’ve got money coming in this month along with apartment/home luck. You might also write the next Hamilton. Maybe it will be about Frederick Douglass.

In terms of likely possibilities, Valentine’s Day might actually be a nice holiday for you. For example, you could get married. For another example, you could get engaged. For a third example, you could be minding your own business one minute then pick up a hot date the next. It’s on a Tuesday, so the weekend prior, February 11th and 12th, may actually be even more fun when it comes to maximum romance and dance. Wear your good shoes.

Libra

Just as so many movie characters realize that the hero was within their own hearts all along, you will soon realize that Susan Miller is the only one with the answer! (But please don’t stop reading Repell-o-scopes, it’s what keeps my individual desk lamp light on.) Would you just listen to what she has to say? “February has hearts flying, for it will be one of your most mystical, magical months of the year for enjoying love, sweet love.” A Valentine if I’ve ever heard one!

To be far more blunt than she, Venus and Mars are going to have celestial sex with one another, which is great news for you (maybe not so much their roommate, not your problem, though) because it means that ALL Libras are going to benefit from their afterglow and be oozing sex appeal all over the place. Ooze is such a gross word but I said it and this keyboard doesn’t have a delete button so there is no going back. Onward!

February 9th is gonna be a great day for love, the 10th and 11th are ideal for all of you single bingles, the 14th is going to be a very cozy day where you’ll look at all of those in your life and practically melt with happiness, and, somehow, despite all of this love making — love making of all sorts including the platonic kind for friends — you will still manage to churn out a great deal of creative work. You’re so cool.

Scorpio

ALRIGHT, SCORPIO: we’ve got cupid’s bow pointed directly at you. And while you’re over there wondering who taught a baby archery, I’m over here wondering what you’re still doing sitting at your computer when there’s a whole world to explore under the rosy light of this month’s Scorpio-specific filter called “love.” If you’re not at a computer but reading on your phone, well then! I take it back but please do look up because what if THE ONE is right in front of you?

Hi! If you’re reading this, The One was not in front of you but that doesn’t mean she or he isn’t on her/his way. (Everyone lies about that because everyone knows “on my way” means “I am just now leaving my apartment.”)

The whole month is truly brimming with love-pertunities, but “enchanting romance could become a major influence at the solar eclipse of February 26th,” writes Susan. “The Sun, new moon, Neptune and Mercury will crowd into your house of true love. This will be a very important time for you, if you are a single Scorpio, to find someone new who lights your imagination.” (Just go slow, don’t rush into anything and don’t ditch your friends!) And if you’re not single, the gist is that you’ll fall deeper in __insert emotion here__ with your partner in __insert activity here__. I’m so hungry and it’s making it hard to think. Let’s go split a sandwich.

Sagittarius

Sagittarius, I don’t want to put words in your mouth or images in your mind but I am just saying that if you need fodder for a femme-themed political sign at your next rally, you could always write, “Vagittarius,” so that when someone asks, “What’s your sign [say]”? You could hold it up like, “Vagittarius.” And then if they like it you know you’ve found the one.

Speaking of the one ! ! ! ! ! — in addition to all of the office success you’re about to roll around in plus the prompting of Susan to go SHOPPING like lalalalala-land, BOOYEA — you’re going to have a remarkably romantic Valentine’s day, which is almost as impossible as having a New Year’s Eve where the fun is as proportionate to the amount of money you spend. If you’re reading this before the 4th and the 5th and deciding whether or not you should take that “all in the name of love trip,” do it. Besides! You like traveling. Kind of? When you don’t have to deal with a check-in bag and your carry-on doesn’t stress you out.

I may literally never tell you to do this again, but go to a club on February 21st. It will bring you good fortune. Just don’t use the restroom at the club. It could bring you other things, like mints that you had to pay $5 for, or a cold. Omg club bathrooms are the worst, I just had a flashback, please change the subject.

February 26th is going to be great! And with that, enjoy the month and howl at the moon.

Capricorn

Is that a grilled cheese I smell?… Or is it all that CHEDDAR your sign is frying up? (The latter! But please be careful because hot plates are illegal in a lot of places.) You’re set to make lots of money this month and I just think that is so nice. Money won’t just fall from nowhere this time around, however. If you think you’re due for a raise, you gotta ask.

Oh, actually, it may come from nowhere. Per your sign you may have a Fresh Prince of Bel Air moment or inheritance situation. The more money scenarios the merrier if you ask me.

Shall we talk about love? We shall!

“Venus just entered your home sector too and will remain there a very long time, until June 6th,” said Suz. This is good news because Mars will be around, too, and when they’re home at the same time they always hook up. It’s never weird after and it’s 100% going to work in your favor because when this happens, your sign is filled with romance and prospects.

If Valentine’s Day itself is too impossible to plan something fun, whether it be for you and your friends or you and your partner-in-stripping pants, schedule something for the weekend before, the 11th and 12th. You’re flexible, right?

I meant in terms of your schedule!! Yeesh.

Aquarius

Somehow I have gone an entire post just full of the word “eclipse” and I’ve yet to bust my girl out until now. I think it’s time. Do you? I do. BONNIE TYLER, LET ME HEAR YOU SING IT!


Turn around, bright eyes! Hope you’re bushy-tailed too because what a month ahead for you!

Because of the eclipses this month, things that tend to take more time (raises, promotions, proposals, finger painting) are going to speed up and happen sooner than you realize. Wow! Sounds like the moon must be using high-speed internet #inpartnershipwithMR , eh? This post is not in partnership with literally anyone. Not financially, at least. I like to think of horoscopes #inpartnershipwith #theplanets and #susanmiller.

Remember when hashtags were such a thing and now they’re really not?

Let’s talk about your love life so that I can get you out of here and on to lunch.

“Throughout the month you appear to have plenty of opportunity to travel,” writes my main squeeze Susan. “Mars will orbit close to Venus, and when these two cosmic lovers are together, it spells out-of-this-world romance.” (We write alike, no?? Great minds.) “Clearly, single or married, you can fan the fires of love by going on one or more fun weekend trips,” she continues. “If you are single, you will have a good chance of meeting someone special once you leave the borders of your home.” I ALWAYS SAY that you might have to leave New York to find love! Hand me my binoculars, Aqua baby. You and I are going on a safari and if I predict anything at all, it’s that things are gonna get weird!

Capricorn

HAPPY BIRTHDAY CAPRICORNBREAD!!!! If you’re not typically one of those SOUND THE ALARMS IT’S THE DAY I EXITED FROM A HOT WOMB EVERYONE REJOICE AND NOTICE ME kind of birthday person (no shame in that game if you are) well, guess what, this month you might be in the mood. “Capricorns tend to live their life backward with heavy responsibility early in life,” says my left- and right-hand woman — my angel and my devil — Susan Miller. “[A]s they get older, Capricorns move into a more carefree, young lifestyle.” Here’s another fun Capricorn fact! “Capricorns are the one sign known to produce the most centenarians – those who live to be 100 or more.” Who the hell knew?? No I don’t feel like fact-checking that. Let’s talk ‘scopes instead!

January 8th marks the end of Mercury’s retrograde, a celebration in and of itself for sure, but don’t get too cocky with paperwork and underwater technology because the effects don’t totally wear off until the end of the month. Start planning your big goals for January 12th or after, and ignore everyone who annoys you around that same date. The 12th is going to cause a few rashes across all signs. The ointment is time — everyone will get over it and come out stronger. Nothing to worry about.

The end of the month is where Susan is focusing all of her attention. It’s going to be a good time for you to ask for a raise (hayy), get a promotion, throw a party, travel, fall in love. It’s going to be a good month. After all, you’re not just a celestial goat. You’re THE G.O.A.T.

Aquarius

If you’ve been feeling out of sorts, blame Mercury. Susan sure did. She accidentally wore one red ballet flat and one black one out in public which actually sounds very Miu Miu if you ask me. Either way, this planet’s dick-trick move is almost over by the 8th, and you’ll be completely rid of its annoying effects by the end of the month.

January 12th is an annoying day for all because of the full moon. Don’t travel if you don’t have to. You need to be fully focused to finish some project that has been hanging over your head. I’m a procrastinator, too, but just imagine how good you’ll feel after you wrap this baby up like a pig in a blanket. (Don’t sign any contracts, though. A big “suck it” to anyone who may have served you papers!)

You’ll finally feel like you have some money in your pocket again by the 27th, and by the 28th, you’re free to get the hell outta town. If you’re feeling like this ‘scope is more of a snooze than usual, listen: Uranus is positioning its butt toward Saturn like a cat in heat, which is going to give you so much cosmic support you won’t even be mad if you walk in on that planetary sex. Big things are coming, aquababy. Make your vision board now for the months ahead and then lean back into that comfy leather recliner of life. (There’s a quarter behind your butt if you stick your hand back there deep enough, by the way. And a peanut M&M. I’ll look away in case you want to eat it.)

Pisces

Oh I’m sorry Pecan Pisces, are you playing hooky as you read this? My girl Susan seems to think that you’re taking the day off! But you know what we both think? That you deserve it. December was chest-nuts roasting on an open fire for you. It’s important to take a little time to ohm from bed.

Nap or not, you’ve got Mars in your sign and that’s a very good thing. “Mars gives courage, determination, and a sexy quality to you that others can’t fail to notice,” says Suz. It means that in terms of career, someone important in your field is gonna be like — Hold up. Who’s that? She looks like she could use a rai$e.

Same thing’s going to happen where your love life is concerned. You’re primed by the planets to catch the attention of every hunky-dory human you’ve ever laid eyes on. Suz said it herself: “Romance off the charts!”

Mercury’s going to make things a little shaky even though it’s out of retrograde and therefore our hair by the 8th. The effects may linger until the 28th, so I wouldn’t carry my cellphone into the bathroom if I were you, no matter how sure-fingered you are while pee-texting. If you do drop it, I guess you’ll MacGyver it out somehow. You’ll be even more creative than usual towards the end of the month.

Aries

Well I swearie, Aries, after the nuts-ass December you had, January is sure to be as slow as molasses. Did you read that in a Southern accent? I sure hope so. Did you read about the time I ate molasses every day for breakfast and it was like swallowing a slug? HERE IS YOUR CHANCE. Sure that was shameless self-promotion but listen, Susan said my career’s gonna skyrocket this month so I’d be a fool to not be my own commercial. Let’s talk more about what she said about you!

Don’t use up your gift card until Mercury’s out of retrograde. You’re technically fine by the 9th, but that planet screws up so much that you’re really better off waiting until after the 28th. There’s plenty you can do in the meantime, though, like…

Home stuff (decorate, organize, paint, remodel) on the 12th. That date is going to be a little tense because of this rude full moon, but everyone will get out of it more than fine and besides, full moons teach us stuff. Or something. Following that, your career is gonna skyyyyyyyy rocket [in flight, afternoon delight!]. Susan also thinks the end of the month might be a nice time to lend a hand to a charity of your choosing.

If you’re looking for love, LISTEN. It’s coming. Next month is your time. Use January as a freebie to do the damn thing. Learn how to joust or something. If you shoot for the moon you’ll aim for the stars!

Taurus

The stars are twinkling for us, fellow Chicago-and-otherwise bulls! Susan said it herself and I’ll be damned if I don’t take that positive prediction and run with it faster that the wind. We’re spending the first part of the month getting back into the groove post-“break.” The 12th will feel tense, but it’s going to be that way for everyone. Susan suggests light travel close to home around that time and I’m just like, if there’s a hotel bathrobe involved, I’m there.

Skipping right to the end of the month — bloop! — there’s a “gorgeous new moon” in Aquarius that’s set to advance our careers. The presence of Neptune makes Susan seem to think it’s related to creativity in some way, shape or form.

BUT THAT’S NOT ALL!!! This month, against better judgement and everything we likely swore off on January 1st, is going to be one big party. Mars, Venus and Neptune are throwing a big old to-do in our honor, which means we’re gonna be throwing confetti in the air like it’s New Year’s Eve all over again.

Single and don’t want to be? The end of January is the time to get out your binoculars and start birdwatching from the bar. Or however you meet men/women. I literally do not know anymore. Megaphone? “HEY YOU OVER THERE, I LIKE YOUR PANTS — WANT TO DATE?” Works like a charm every time. Attached? Grool. No need to heat up your electric blanket on January 20th as it’s bound to be a lovefest. Also, those are dangerous.

Gemini

Okay okay okay SO, Gemin-looking-very-fly, the start of this month may cause you to take a good long look at someone you’re in a relationship with (you know what I always say here in terms of horoscopes and relationship-type stuff: this could mean a business relationship, a friend relationship, etc.). Just know that if there are feelings of tension, they will be temporary. (Saturn’s in your sign which can be uncomfy, but it will teach you those important life lessons.) On to the fun stuff and off to the races!

Money will be top of mind on the 12th. Susan says manage it wisely, but I say by that she means to go buy yourself a fun new something, even if it’s a doughnut.

Your career is rising this month like a dough with an accidental yeast overdose, excellent for career/bread metaphors, not so much for your hoo-ha — BUT we are not talking about your hoo-ha are we? For once!

WE can talk about your love life, though! “Love and romance this month will be best for those who are serious about one another and want to marry,” writes Susan. If you’re single and looking to get tangled up with someone special, the 28th is your day. Olé!

Cancer

Hey crab cakes. We’ve got a nice little orgy happening with with Venus, Neptune and Mars starting at the beginning of the month. “This is a dazzling set of stars,” says Susan, “twinkling above you in an effort to make January unforgettably romantic.” Well if that isn’t exactly the scene I described above in my Sound of Music intro. It also sounds like La La Land to me. Raise your hand if you saw that with your mom over the holidays! Raise your hand, too, if you had mixed emotions the whole way through like, “I think I like this but I also am pretty sure I have never been more miserable during a movie in my life, more so than the time I saw an Ali G movie in theaters on the world’s worst first date.”

Life will be slow around January 8th and it seems like you need a break, so if you want to suddenly get “a migraine” and take a day or two off, Susan says to go for it.

Traveling and love will start swirling around in your sign at this time, even though around January 12th the full moon is going to put everyone in a bad mood. Whatever. Tell that moon it can suck it. Venus and Mars are on your side, however, so you may be luckier than the rest of the celestial FarmVille.

At the end of the month: a major career achievement. And for heaven’s sake, no I don’t know what it could possibly be! I’m a star gazer’s reporter, not a psychic. Put on your ice skates and enjoy January!

Leo

I love lions because they are cats with fabulous wigs.

In other news, I see in your sign that you are going to get into fitness hard this month. Perhaps you can join Libra. She’s thinking of taking an aerobics class so she can really up her brightly colored spandex game. It might be fun if you two do it together. You’re bound to do well at whatever you put your mind and buns of steel to this month, so get at it.

Saturn and Uranus are doing things that involve Vaseline together this month, so together the three of you will just glide around the creative waterslide park of life or something. “Uranus will give you the impetus to experiment playfully,” Susan Miller says. Oh! “Through that process you may display a touch of genius.” Just as you always suspected.

Jan 12th sucks blah blah fast-forward you’ll be fine. There’s a full moon around this same time that may make you feel kind of lethargic but what the hell is sugar for, then? (STOP READING THE NEWS.)

The end of January may steer you in the direction of a serious relationship, and Susan wants things to move fast should you meet or currently know someone. She’s anxious about Venus retrograding from March 4th to April 15th (but honestly, that planet, unlike Mercury, could use a rest). Listen — you’ve never let anyone boss you around in this direction before, right? RIGHT! Do what feels good. You know that’s Uranus’s motto!

Virgo

Incoming from Susan Thriller! “[F]our little heavenly bodies – Pluto, Sun, new moon and Mercury – are acting in a joyful way, giggling and pepping up your house of true love in January’s first half.” If you’re single, enjoy your final days of doing very weird things in your living room that you wouldn’t want filmed because it sounds like you might meet someone ASAP. (Although, my thinking if this person is Meant 2 B then they will do weird things with you.) If you’re attached, you and your ride-or-die will probably make a viral YouTube video where everyone comments under it like, “Goals!”

Sorry for the baby shower you may have to attend on January 12th. Those can be kind of boring unless very good food is served and you’re savvy about who you sit next to. I went to one a few weeks ago and it was outside and lovely and everyone except the soon-to-be-mom packing internal heat was buzzed, so, you know.

January 14th and 15th seem promising! More romance. And by the end of the month, a potential marriage. Either you move very fast, you are on a reality show (I hope you win!) or you think of “marriage” as a general umbrella word that could mean the coming together of two important things. A partnership, if you Will.

mte4mdazndewnzqzmty2ndc4Zoom
You are? Great! Can I have your autograph?

Libra

You’ve got one productive month ahead of you, Liberace. Getting-shit-done-wise, your sign is the equivalent of Justin Bieber in a fur coat in LA: wonderful, terrifying and extreme. Slash that to-do list in half! Don’t let Mercury get you down — this planet and its incessant retrogrades are almost out — but you may feel a little held up, productivity-wise, in terms of home improvements. When this happens to me I just like to abandon all projects midway through and eat or nap instead. Highly suggest.

Susan had a root canal and has to eat on the other side of her mouth for the time being.

There’s a full moon on January 22nd, which, straight up, is going to be an annoying one. Let’s ignore that, too! (You might feel torn between work and home life. My feeling is that if you know this warning now you can move your plans ahead of time and buy lots of snacks.)

There’s a whole lot happening in your 6th house — all good stuff — a ton of which is going to prompt you to get to the gym and Jane Fonda the hell out of a pair of high-waisted, high-hipped spandex. Oh! And good news! On January 27th and 28th, the new moon is brightening up your fifth house of true love, which means you and your significant other are going to get tighter than ever or, if you’re single, you might meet The One. I hope he or she is also wearing high-hipped spandex! For all of our sakes, really. The world could use a little more ’80s.

Scorpio

Scorpioooooh my god are you gonna love this month. If you’re reading this on the day of publish, January 6th, the Sun and your ruler, Pluto, are standing back-to-back with their arms crossed like they are Tia and Tamera Mowry, Sister, Sister style. This means that “[y]our words will have weight and purpose on this day,” per Susan, “and you will be able to negotiate a great deal.”

Speaking of Susan, let’s take a serious pause here because a man spilled coffee on her keyboard when she was trying to write her horoscopes from a coffee shop, and she had to BUY A NEW COMPUTER. Accidents happen but can you imagine if none of us got our Astrology Zone ‘scopes in time because of him! What this taught all of us (my point here) is that Mercury may still be in retrograde (did you forget?) but all the bad stuff of it is used up. Home stretch now.

You’ll be more smart than normal on the 12th, and at the end of the month, Mars is lighting up your house of true love. Oh yes, baby. Go out, mingle, put your fake eyelashes on so that the whole world can see you winking, lure your already currently lover into your den of horizontal dancing — whatever it may be, you stars are on your side. January 20th and 21st will be especially fun days. For everything. Susan was kind of vague so if I were you I’d buy a party hat and see what happens.

Sagittarius

Hey Sagggg <3 Your hooves are looking shiny, hope you had nice birthday month. The new moon that kicked us off this month is putting your mouth where your money is — hay is for horses and half-horse humans alike! — which means you’re going to get your finances in order. (Tell me, do you say fiy-nance, or fin-nance? It’s either-or for me depending on the accent I’ve decided to go with for the evening.) Mars, Venus and Neptune are all having a vibrator party in Capricorn, which means it’s a great time for matters of the home. Susan seems to think you should have a party but maybe you can just invite everyone to the sex toy thing happening with Mars & Co? IDK, it’s like a modern Tupperware fete but no one goes home with a place to store casserole.

Mid-month you might be like [to the world], “LAY OFF ME, I’M ____.” Insert whatever Chris Farley-voiced annoyance you have in that space. Blame it on the full moon and breathe, you’ll get over the bad mood ASAP. (Promise. This full moon is extracting emotional pimples.)

The moon at the end of the month will rule. You inner fire element will be burning, per Suz, and it does not seem linked to a UTI of any sort. She means fire in a good way. Take a trip on the 27th/28th, and if you can’t, whatever: Mars is nuzzling up to Aries in your fifth house of romance until March 9th, so you’re bound to meet someone or build a fire at home should you already have a bed partner. Just remember to pee!

Sagittarius

Happy birthday horse girl! You are. You really are a horse girl whether you like it or not. You are half horse, half human, and that, my friend, is about as horse girl as you get. You are so lucky. Maybe you cantered instead of ran when you were in gym class, maybe you didn’t, but either way, here is a giant slice of wintry horoscope. And no, by “wintry” I do not mean that it tastes like peppermint.

Horses love peppermints but since you’re half human you think it’s gross with chocolate, which I find weird or whatever. It’s your birthday; you do what you want. Let’s read your sign!

The month kicks off with Mars in Aquarius — encouragement from Suz to you to pursue your dream (whatever that may be) and pursue it hard. This doesn’t happen often so make the most of it. You’ll feel sensitive on the 10th, but who won’t? Like everyone else, you’ll get over it. On the 13th, an important relationship you’re in will reach “critical mass,” probably in the best way possible! If it feels uncomfy though, don’t worry. This is all about falling deeper in love or clearing the air. Just like Febreze. “Nothing is predetermined,” Susan reminds us, “so it will be up to you to decide what comes next.”

Sometimes she’s like the rock in Legends of the Hidden Temple.

Uranus is doing butt stuff with your sign on the 29th, which means your love life will be feeling more steady again and heading in a positive direction. By the very end you’ll essentially be a walking, sparkly human party. With a ponytail. IDK you can throw a snow globe at me if you need to.

Capricorn

Girlllllllllllll, you’ve been spending up a damn storm this December, apparently. But who am I to judge? I wouldn’t know a balanced checkbook if one bit me in the ass. Speaking of butt munches! Uranus and Mars are all butty-butty this month to the point that they’re copying one another as BFFS are wont to do. This is propelling your spending, but the good news is that “monkey see, monkey do” also translates into your monkey making more money, too.

Big career victory is coming on December 9th (what, whaaattt) and on the 13th, you’ll kill a presentation. FROST YOURSELF IN DIAMONDS, ANYONE? Man was that one of Matthew McConaughey’s most memorable moments. Raise your hand down below if you think so, too. Or just tell me if I bring up Matthew McConaughey in horoscopes an odd amount. I black out while writing them so I really can’t tell, but I’m getting a little somethin’ somethin’ thanks to my newly programmed reverie.

I’m a robot! You are not.

The most exciting part of the month for you kicks off around December 21st. The sun is in your stahh sign then, dahling. You’ll receive some really good news around then so get READY. On December 25th, Susan says that you will have “one of the most enchanting holidays in recent memory.” Thank Venus getting weird with Jupiter there. Think money, but I’m not ruling other good things out. You’re all set to travel just before the New Year. Stay put, wherever that spot may be, to ring in 2017. It’s bound to be one happy ball droppin’ ceremony!

Aquarius

OOOOH, I HAVE SOME GOSSIP FOR YOU EVEN THOUGH IT IS KIND OF ABOUT YOU! “Venus will be moving through your secret twelfth house until December 7th, so the temptation to have a clandestine relationship will be strong.” CLANDESTINE!!!!!!

Listen, I’m not one for below board activities, but I never said anything about below belt and you know how I feel about below deck! If sugar plum fairies can sneak around then so can you. Allow me to repeat my life motto that I will one day put on a bumper sticker for my car to embarrass my kids: have fun, be safe. Speaking of protection, Susan asks that you protect your heart.

More love stuff is bound to come up on the 13th when you will make a decision about a romantic partner. It may be good or sad but 100% it will be what you needed.

This is a good month to travel, even with Mercury in retrograde (just make sure you have your passport about five thousand times). You’re going to be so social and busy, especially around the 19th, which means your normal level of doing things is ratcheted up to a cool high. Do be mindful of the retrograde as it pertains to all other areas of your life, and by that I mean every area, so just be fastidious about things like not leaving your straightener plugged in, dotting i’s, crossing t’s, shopping for holiday gifts early and you’ll be fine! Just fine I tell ya.

The end of December is bound to be batshit crazy in a good and fun way. By the 29th: a rest. Ahhh. (What’s “a rest” again?)

Pisces

Hey Patti LaBelle Pisces, what’s up? The first half of the month is going to be business-centric for you for a whole bunch of planetary reasons, but what you need to know is that it’s all good stuff, and it’s a result (finally!) of the hard work you’ve been putting in. You’re like the hen who had to sow her own wheat for the bread.

You’ll continue to be productive this month — can you help me to be? — and around the 13th all of that productivity will bring in money. The full moon, Jupiter and Uranus are contributing to the money pouring in too. Who cares about semantics when your wallet’s fat, though.

On the 19th, Mars will move into Pisces. You should care because, per Suz, “Having Mars in Pisces is a big advantage to you… Mars will give you courage, determination and drive to go after a goal that is supremely important to you.”

Note that Mercury is going to retrograde — oy — from December 19th well into January. Don’t worry. Just be aware that people from your past will likely come through. Contrary to what your best friend who remembers The Breakup of 2010 may say, this rekindling, now that you’re both older and wiser, has potential. At the very least, if you meet up, the interaction could bring about some much-needed closure.

You’ll find time to be ~*super social*~ toward the end of the month (so Real Housewives of you), and it will be the kind of fun that makes a night out worth it, even when hungover in the a.m. Yup. Even on New Year’s. Go fish or go figure!

Aries

Quick! Get flat on your back and kick your feet up high, freaky Aries — or should I say Air-ies — because December is going to be all about travel for you.

That’s exactly why you should elevate your feet. Nothing ruins a holiday party quite like swollen ankles, let me tell you. Compression socks! It’s really all about those compression socks, even when you think you want to purchase those very soft aloe ones from the overpriced airport bookstore. So enjoy the travel, take the train when you can (for no planetary reason, I just love the festive feel of December scenery) and hit on all of your seat mates so long as you’re not in a quiet car.

“The hardest day of the month will be December 10th, when Saturn will conjunct the Sun,” writes my boy Suz. She says you’ll be in a serious mood because you’ll be thinking about a serious decision in regards to love. Stay positive, because Mars and Uranus will be working in “a friendly manner” — we know what that means, talk about feet up — to shower you with options you may not even realize are possibilities yet.

Speaking of being lit the eff up, by December 29th your career will be hotter than a soup dumpling that you forgot to let cool before shoving in your mouth. Thank the new moon for momentum that will carry you into the new year. Get ready to hit the ground running — another reason to keep those ankles on their A-Game.

Mercury is going to retrograde December 19th through January 8th, great, so someone from your past may come back and be all like, “Waa, I miss you.” It’s actually a good thing. At least hear them out. Last-minute shopping will suck because of it, though. Susan suggests you do gift cards.

Finally, the 25th will rule whether you celebrate holidays during this time of year or not. Jupiter, Saturn and Uranus are having an orgy, so thank them through a microphone or kiss them all under the mistletoe.

Taurus

Ugh money talk all over our sign. It’s going to be tight, but then some money will come in, and then it will feel tight again, but then we’ll be okay long-term. Would anyone else rather talk about the fun acne that has accidentally mistook her face for a Christmas wreath and exploded red dots all over like evil holly berries?

I just googled “holly berries” to make sure we were all talking about the same thing and turns out they are poisonous. No real surprise, but I’m suddenly terrified that my roommate has or will try to consume one of these as they are all over our apartment (the berries, not my acne). The wreath and I got into an altercation this morning and I didn’t have time to clean it up.

What’s up with our non-money-related horoscope, though??

The new moon in our travel house on the 29th plus the presence of Uranus adds up to good news in terms of our career. We bulls have been working hard, but some of you may feel like there’s not much to show for it. Promise that’s about to change. Fame, fortune, raises and recognition are all on the horizon. I don’t set the beats, you guys. I just rap over them.

So is love! Venus is gliding on through Capricorn thanks to Susan’s words and extra lube, which means lots of romance and probably you know what. The 19th is what really starts our social season, which will carry through all the way to Chrismukkah on the 25th. Seth Cohen, kindly crack open the champagne.

Gemini

Okay Gemini. Kindly note that I’m writing this with a face mask on that started to get crunchy around Taurus and I am wondering how much time my pores have left on this planet, so if things feel tight then at least you know why.

Also, does your sign on Astrology Zone feel way longer than usual, but like she tricked you by allowing the scroll to go on forever instead of having multiple pages to click into?

In what’s a pretty annoying way to kick of the actual astrology part of your sign, Susan says you’re likely to get into a disagreement with your bedroom high-fivers early in the month. The good Suz is that we’re already up to December 7th, so maybe that prediction has wet the bed and is already floating down the river. Let’s assume it is. Especially since you’ve got Jupiter standing by, guiding you through all of this. Besides this hiccup, your love life is going to be great in December.

Jupiter is also going to help you feel super creative, by the way!

In what’s extremely boring news, Susan predicts you’ll be very obsessed with your taxes this monthzzzzz okay sorry did you just fall asleep on your keyboard? Me too. You’re going to have a strong social month this December, but on Monday, December 12th, if you get an odd invitation to something (anything), say yes. Magic is bound to happen. Interpret that however you need or want.

Cancer

You’ve had a busy year, apparently, and in December it’s only going to get busier. Susan wants you to start that app you’ve been thinking about, by the way. She wants you to start that or something else in all of that free time (hahaha) that you have.

December 13th is a two-parter. On the one hand, you could get sick because you’re wearing yourself ragged. On the other hand, the full moon and Jupiter are going to help you out with money if you’re feeling stuck.

This bit of your ‘scope appears to be the same for everyone: because of the retrograde coming up (fucking Mercury, from December 19th until January 27th) just be aware — but not scared — that things will move a bit backwards. Old relationships will crop up; they’re not necessarily a bad idea, either. At the same time, we have all of the standard annoyances with this retrograding BS. Electronics go haywire, miscommunications happen, phones get dropped in toilets, yadda yadda. Just something to keep in mind regarding when you go gift shopping and what you’re shopping for. Be wary of vibrators going off in carry ons at the airport, as a fun side note!

Somewhere in that Mercury nap is the 29th where we get a new moon. “If you want,” Susan says casually and without intrusion, which I appreciate, “you can…use this new moon of December 29th to form an official business alliance, such as with a business partner, writing partner, acting coach, agent, publicist, lawyer or other specialist.” Why would you do such a thing? Because “[t]his new moon is well aspected – it will give you gifts from Pluto (power), Jupiter (money, expansion, happiness) and Neptune (creativity).”

So much better than Frankincense and myrrh.

Leo

“Give yourself over to love,” Susan Miller writes in your ‘scope summary, quite dramatically. If you’ve been in a long-distance relationship, it’s going to get easier. If you’ve working through an unrequited crush, the tables will turn in your favor. If you’re in a relationship but wondering about the next step, said next step or an answer that could alter things for the eventual better is bound to come. And if you’re single, well, prepare your mane for courtship. QQ: are lions considered gingers?

Susan Thriller gives you the same heads up about Mercury in retrograde as everyone else: don’t stop believin’, don’t stand so close to me. Oh wait, no, those are Journey and The Police lyrics, respectively. She wants you to move through life as you normally would because there’s no use in freezing every time Mercury goes ass-backwards, but she does want to make sure that you get your gift shopping done early and keep track of your belongings.

If you needed proof that your sign is Susan Miller’s favorite, here’s some more: “Many people make New Year’s resolutions, but few stick with them and succeed. You will be among the winners…by the time you take that trip to sunny St. Barts.” Okay, so I cut a whole bunch of BS in there about losing weight because you’re perfect just the way you are and now is not the time, in my opinion, to say no to peppermint bark, but, if you wanted to — even if it’s just because you don’t feel like packing for home so you need to be able to somewhat squeeze into your high school home clothes — the planets will be on your fitness journey right along with you, commenting on your photos to “keep it up” and saying, “Wow! What great meal planning!”

Also. St. Barts! V. chic, feel free to take me with you so long as you don’t mind sharing an hourly piña colada.

Virgo

Lotta focus on the home this month, remodelista. Sounds like you’re either moving, trying to, looking for a new couch or rearranging your sconces until you go blue in the gills. Come on over to my place when you’re done and help me figure out where to store my infinite crap. Marie Kondo, can you hear me? What planet do you rule?

A job offer is coming your way on December 13th, full of prestige and the yachts that come with it. Susan’s a little bit worried with the timing because of the retrograde but believes that this opportunity is important enough to negotiate through. “[This] culmination to your career may be the greatest gift Santa could ever give you,” says Susan. HELLO.

(It’s me.)

“You seem destined to make more money,” she continues. Where are the rain-down-dollar GIFS when you need them? Maestro, may I please have a few in the comments section? Because of Uranus, the planet (not your literal butt), it might be a friend who sets all of the good fortune off. Sounds to me like you need to throw a party.

Speaking of parties and your wild social life, at the end of December you’re likely to meet someone thanks to Neptune, who is acting like Venus on fun, legal steroids. Mars is in your commitment center from December 19th until January 28th (suck it, Mercury!) meaning that as 2016 fizzes out, a whole new love — or a whole new kind of love, if you’re already committed — will have already begun.

Libra

You’re never supposed to play with fire, but the good kind, the energetic kind, has been lit under your bum thanks to Jupiter this month! You’d think there would be a Uranus joke here, but really it’s just about how you’ve got the drive to succeed and socialize like crazy in December. (Women: we can have it all!)

Side bar: Do you use a humidifier in the winter and should I and where should I keep it and is it true that it has to be elevated? One of those things that seems simple at first, but no.

You’ll be hyper-creative at work early in the month and surrounded by people who matter. You may feel a bit tired and overwhelmed around the 10th because of Saturn, but take a yoga breath and work through it. Only temporary.

Travel as much as you can this month, even if it’s a basketball travel. Even if it’s just from your couch to the bodega. Love is in the air but it’s really in your sign, so if it’s a mistletoe makeout that you’re looking for, then you know, you gotta get out of the house. Sweatpants optional.

You’re going to love the end of the year. Per my main reindeer Suz, “This should be a holiday for the record books, and love will envelop you like the wings of an angel.” Amen!

Scorpio

Hi click-y ancient sand bugs. “This will be a big money month,” announces Susan Thriller, “so grab a calculator, call your accountant and stockbroker, and set goals for increasing your wealth in 2017.” No can do or no can care? Fine. Let’s talk about other stuff.

At the beginning of the month, you have the stage to speak your mind — so do it. Don’t keep quiet about little things that annoy you. If you’re looking to spruce up the old bird cage, December 9th is a good day for deals and signing things. Avoid signing anything come December 19th, though — Mercury in retrograde territory.

Ah, but the 19th isn’t all broken phones and curse words as you stare down the deep drain of a public toilet with an industrial strength flusher. No. It’s the day Mars will enter your true love sector with plans to stay there until January 27th. Re-download the apps or prepare yourself for a storm of meet-cutes. Or both! Your best, best days for love are December 23rd through the 25th, thanks to the moon in Scorpio and all of the planets doing their usual freaky dance. It’s going to be so great. Your life will be like one big present with a giant bow, your fingers doing the nimble unwrapping of a mom who hates to waste wrapping paper and hoards it for at least a decade. Maybe you can have all of the other signs over for tea. Why not, at this point? The last horoscope of 2016, man. Weird. What a year!

Scorpio

HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! You know what I was thinking about in regards to your sign? That Scorpio(n)s are basically just poisonous cats! With that tail?? Ugh. Delight. Since it’s your birthday, I’ll give you your Time.com-researched turkey fact first: “The red fleshy bits hanging off turkeys’ beaks are called ‘snoods.'” Who knewds. Now let’s talk about other red fleshy bits!

“The month opens and you will be surrounded by love and warmth,” writes Suz. “Neptune is…spreading happiness like honeysuckle in the evening air. Rarely have you had a birthday month that holds such potential for happiness.” Do you want me to even write anything else?

Fine. In true Cuffing Season form, you’ll be locking down a lot of relationships this month. There’s a full moon on November 14th that is going to make the weekend that precedes it (November 12th to 13th) Lockdown Town, USA. Or Australia or South America or wherever you may intend to cuff. If you’re not seeing anyone beyond your own reflection, this could mean an important handshake between you and someone in your career is happening instead. That’s great!

If you’re feeling broke, November 29th is a good time to ask for a raise and an amen. People have been noticing your hard work. Hunkering down now until then to save money? Great. Mars is going to make your cushions fluffier and your room so cozy that you’ll have no reason to leave and maybe someone could be so kind as to install a cat door (but not a scorpion door!) on your front door so that your delivery guy doesn’t have to ring the bell and scare the shit out of you even though you know he’s coming. Oh, but do go to parties. Lots and lots of parties. Bring a candle to each one and stick it in the center of every homemade pumpkin pie: It’s your birthday month, dammit! Free-range. Just like a great turkey.

Sagittarius

[ _____________________________ ] <- That was a moment of silence for you to take a breather and not have to read words because you are in a reflective mood this month. October was hazelnuts and you need November to chill out your brain before your BIRTHDAY EXTRAVAGANZA (raise your hands in the comments below if your birthday runs from December 1 through New Years Eve, emotionally). Get into this and use your star sign as an excuse anytime anyone bugs you with anything this month! And use your phone less. Susan wrote that because she has a cell phone too, you know, and she gets the stress. She’s basically a millennial.

While you’re sitting cross-legged on the floor, reflecting, staring into that mirror that magnifies your pores, come up with a goal that you’d like to accomplish. This was another Susan-mandated thing to do and I can’t exactly remember which planets it pertained to, but I’d just trust her if I were you. Goals are good, especially because people seem to be saying “goals” less, right?

Hey! On the 14th, a major project that you’ve been working on will come to fruition. Just a bunch of little bloomin’ fruits, like acne that doesn’t suck. You’ll get over a cold at the same time, have career boost on the 22nd, start thinking about launching a new initiative on the 29th (can I come?) and to swirl you all the way back to the top: this first week of November is your time to shine in the divine light of love. I wrote that!

Time for a Time.com turkey fact! “Europeans first taste of turkey came after the Conquistadors discovered domesticated turkeys raised by the Aztecs, and brought them back to Spain.” Olé!

Capricorn

Hey Goat Milk McGee, I have been waiting all month to talk to you again because I learned an acronym the kids are writing, not actually saying (I don’t think), but I didn’t know it was an acronym at first because no one was using periods to splice up the individual letters. Anyway, it’s “GOAT,” which stands for Greatest of All Time. I hope you get that tattooed on you somewhere, or permanent-markered on you, at the very least, while you’re sleeping. You can even do this on your forehead now, you know why?

Because October was all about your career — NOW you can chill. Way to set yourself up for success!

Jupiter, or Jupes as I like to call him when we’re being cute with one another, is going to ensure that you don’t lose any momentum during this downtime, so please enjoy it. You know what life is like when fools rush back in.

In other Suz, she wants you to make a new friend this month. That’s up to you and Drake, but it seems nice. If you’re strictly on the no-new-friends bandwagon, how about doing something friendly with your time, like volunteering or high-fiving people who have their hands out trying to hail a cab? That might be a nice way to meet someone new since bars are out for the count. Do this on November 14th — it’s celestial cuffing season, apparently. Time to DTR with a partner between the ears and sheets or with someone in a professional setting because everything here has 100 meanings.

With Venus in Capricorn adding a little extra somethin’ somethin’ to your milkshake on November 16th AND Mars upping your charm ante on the 8th, I picture flowers wilting in your presence as you walk by and wink like you’re the Hugh Grant of your neighborhood. Am I wrong? Tell me I’m right, though!

One more thing before I go, Mercury is going retrograde (I know, I know) on December 19th but you’ll start to feel the effects as early as December 5th so just make sure you start your holiday shopping now. Or you know, get no one anything — just flash ’em the old megawatt smile.

Turkey fact time courtesy of Time.com! “When European settlers first came to North America, there were wild turkey populations in what are now 39 states and Ontario. Those numbers dropped dramatically over the next centuries; by 1920, they were only present in 21.” Sad.

Aquarius 

Oh Bubble Bathhhhh, yoo hoo! (That’s you it’s your new nickname I made it up.) The new moon that we had on October 30th is going to effect your career in the most positive way for the first two weeks of November. If you’re self-employed, Susan suggests that you “give yourself a promotion,” which I love the idea of, and how you go about that beats me but I guess you could do things like charge everyone more and take on celebrity clients, absolutely regardless of what it is that you actually do. Who am I? Who are you?

She goes on to say that you have paid your dues already. You put in that work from 2012 to 2015 and if she is telling the truth then listen, Bubbles, I say embrace life by the balls or whatever that saying is. You’ve got this.

The month’s full moon on November 14th will bring about a conclusion to some home or family matter that you’ve been ruminating about in your head. Ikea or West Elm? Ektorp or The Wayland? (Those are types of moderately-priced couches.) Paint or wallpaper? Kick your roommate out for leaving the toilet seat up or get passive aggressive (in a fun way) instead. The world is your oyster with the full moon as the pearl, really. That’s a metaphor that I use too often, but they say you either use it or lose it and I hate losing things now that I’m 28.

Speaking of Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz and her misfit gang of friends! Mars in Aquarius is giving you energy, courage, optimism and drive from November 18th to December 19th. Man oh man, if I only had a brain. Who needs one with that party you’re most definitely going to throw come November 29th? All any of us will require, from you the host, that is, is an excellent ’80s soundtrack, plenty of drinks and great dip.

Ooh and sorry to bounce around the old cal, but on November 26th, Susan writes that you’ll have “riotous fun” thanks to Uranus sending golden beams to Mercury. I MEAN.

!!! Look over there, it’s a bird, it’s a plane, it’s a Time.com turkey fact! “Though there is no specific historical information about turkeys being served at the first Thanksgiving, there was evidently some fowl caught, which could have been turkey. Standish of Standish, an 1889 novel, may have popularized this idea as included a turkey being served at the first Indian and Pilgrim meal.”

Pisces

So much good news for you cheddar Goldfish cracker! This month you are going to be traveling a ton. If you don’t have any plans yet, set ’em up, girlfriend sisterwife! On November 1st, the Sun and Neptune were in divine alignment per my one and only (Susan Thriller Miller, ladies and gentlemen) which means they’re helping you generate ideas. Can I please have some? I just reused the “world is your oyster” joke of mine for the millionth repurposed time up above.

DING DING DING !!!!!!! ! ! ! TIME IS THE SECRET WORD! That means it’s TIME for…!!! A Time.com turkey fact! “Today’s factory turkeys’ brains are about a third the size of wild turkeys’.” Who knew? Apparently neither of us, and that’s what learning is all about!

Back to your horoscope of the traveling pants:

The full moon on November 14th is going to catapult a communications-related project you’ve been working on, and it will earn you the recognition you so deserve from your peers. I wrote piers by accident at first and almost didn’t change it because my fingers are bored, knees are weak, arms are heavy, mom’s spaghetti yadda yadda lmk in the comments if you think I have finally cracked.

giphyZoom
For Christ’s sake, visit your brother or sister the weekend of the 12th and 13th.

Oh here’s something important but also super vague: On November 19th, Neptune, your ruling planet, is going to go direct after having been retrograde for a while. NOW. This planet is going to leave you clues that point you in the right direction. I HAVE NO CLUE WHAT SUSAN IS TALKING ABOUT BUT, JUST PAY ATTENTION. Eyeballs out and focused on the shoreline like a sailor.

You’ll get rich on the 22nd and 26th. Honestly, I need to end this before it gets any weirder.

Aries

Who said it: Susan Miller or Snoop Dogg? “Rollin down the street, smoking Aries, sippin’ on gin and juice/Laid back (with my mind on my money and my money on my mind).” Kind of both, because Susan Miller said you’ve had money on your mind recently. You still will this month, but man will you be rolling around in dough. It’s like the world’s greatest firm mattress.

You’ll wrap up any final negotiations on the 8th and the results will be in your favor. Luckily, all money talk ends November 14th because is anything more boring? No. Except for money diaries. Those are pretty funny. (Not mine. Mine was just scary.)

What else what else. Oh! You’ve got two planets in your house of fame and honors: Venus, “the planet that will keep you popular with the VIPs,” and Pluto. This combo is guaranteed to get you into the nightclub of your dreams and, per Suz, almost guarantee “a steady rise to the top for years ahead, provided you give all you have to your job.” You see?? That right there, baked into her positive prediction, is a reminder that the stars are just a guide! You have to really lead the way.

No compass? No worries. Per Suz, you will be kind of psychic this month. Listen to that small voice within your head because Winona Ryder wasn’t crazy when the lights started talking to her, now was she? Neither was my favorite ’80s band, Journey.

I can’t totally put my finger on what’s missing from this horoscope…love? No. (Although since Susan didn’t stress it, that means you shouldn’t, either.) OH! I know! It’s missing a Time.com turkey fact. “Modern commercial turkeys have increased from an average of 18 pounds in 1965 to nearly 30 pounds today — an increase of 57%. Domesticated turkeys are so heavy for their frames that they have chronic foot and leg problems, and they can’t run or fly. Wild turkeys can fly to up 55mph.”

Taurus

HEY BULLIES!!! Doesn’t our birthday feel like a long-ago dream and also like it literally just happened? Do you think that possibly, maybe, we are Westworld characters in fabulous Wild West-era costumes? Someone immediately talk to me about Evan Rachel Wood and her transformation from best movie ever Thirteen to other best movie ever even though no one cares about it as much as I do, Across the Universe, to dating Marilyn Manson, to now the best show ever? I never realized it before but here I am, world, an Evan Rachel Wood fan!

LET’S TALK ABOUT OUR STAR SIGN ANYWAY BECAUSE I KNOW YOU DIDN’T JUST COME HERE FOR MY WORLD-FAMOUS BRISKET!

We need to be choosey about what we attend this month, you guys, otherwise we’re going to burn out. Our careers will be strong (I am scared for the day that Susan tells us it’s kind of going down the drain for a minute because Leandra’s husband is also a Taurus, so she reads our ‘scopes too, so and if she sees that I’m going down the drain then she’s going to think I’m taking her with me and we have all seen The Ring. You do not want to pull that hair ball out of the tub.)

Let’s talk about love! “If you are married or dating seriously, you will have the edge [on holiday party season], for it appears you’ve plenty to talk about with your significant other, and planning for the future may be priority one.” So there you go, straight from the Susan Miller’s mouth: those who have already cuffed, whether this season or prior, are in planning mode. But also what she means is that if you have a significant other, drag them to every upcoming thing with you to A) talk to and B) so that you have an easy out by blaming him or her as the one who “has to get up early tomorrow and wants to go home.”

But listen, if you’re single, that doesn’t mean you’re doomed to stand by the chip dip table for all of holiday season eternity and try to figure out when’s a good time to go the fuck home. Oh no. Neptune is casting “an enchanting spell in early November,” to which Susan continues on about by saying that there’s fairy dust in the air. It is either that or your roommate’s leftover unicorn costume’s glitter particles floating around. I’ll go with the former, especially since Venus creeped into the scene on November 1st which is going to take the brutal effort out of dating and just make everything feel really easy.

Almost done: there’s a full moon on November 14th in Taurus. It’s the only full moon of the year in our sign. SO LOVE ON IT. It’s going to help us progress in our efforts toward higher education or a niche area of expertise, giving an extra boost in that career jump I told you about (which starts on November 8th). I know you’re antsy to close out of this tab now so love you, bye.

WAIT. Your promised Time.com turkey fact! “Turkeys have also been bred to have abnormally large breasts to meet American customers’ taste for white meat. As a result, factory turkeys, most of which are Broad Breasted Whites, are unable to breed naturally, and female turkeys are all artificially inseminated.”

Gemini

Gemin-hi! Mars wants you to GTFO town on November 8th. It’s not personal, it’s celestial. And actually it really is just encouraging you to take a little mini vaycay, ay bay bay? (<-Top-Tier World’s Most Annoying Song.)

“Energetic Mars will be in what astrologers call ‘mutual reception’ with Uranus,” writes Susan Miller of two totally healthy, consenting planets. These two balls of fun will apparently have such deep tantric sex that they will begin to act like one another from November 8th through December 19th. This mirroring effect means they will be stronger than ever and support you like crazy. So the next time you go “ew” when your parents hint that you weren’t delivered by a stork, just remember that good things come from true love making. Am I fired yet? Not sure. But I do know that all of this planetary bow-chicka-yeah-yeah will “add brilliance” (Susan!) to your work and career and projects.

Then things will slow down! Get ready to put your chilling-hard pants on around November 14th. You can wear them all the way until Thanksgiving is over.

Everything is going to go your way on November 22nd, and since I’m over here delivering good news like UPS on Christmas day, Susan wants you to go shopping on the 26th. On the 29th, form a partnership but be deliberate about it. No beating around the bush, regardless of how you and your partner choose to trim (or not trim!) your galaxies.

Single Gemz: Jupiter is going to help you meet “substantial types” around November 14th, by the way. Just in time to field your family’s questions about exactly how single are you? “Substantial” is such a guaranteed-to-make-grandma-smile answer. Cheese!

Speaking of Thanksgiving dinner, by the way, do you know what time it is? Turkey fact city from Time.com! “The largest recorded turkey, according to a poultry specialist at the Texas Agricultural Extension Service, was raised in England and weighed in at a shocking 86 pounds. That’s about the size of a 7th grader.”

Cancer

Whoa there celestial Romeo, apparently you’re going to be in such a romantic mood that you’ll be distracted at work. That shit don’t fly here! Focus, break a glass ceiling or something and get your head back in the game. This team needs you! Heck, I need you! Oh whatever Ron Burgundy, you always were a romantic and I won’t be one to step in the way of love. Forget I said anything and run, wild and free, straight into the arms of your lover!!!

K.

You’re going to relax come the 14th — much needed, pal. Enjoy it. On the 22nd, you’re going to be focusing on your home, fluffing pillows, redecorating. Spray painting pumpkins with rose gold paint like you saw on Esty, probably. God I love this time of year.

November 25th is going to bring you lots of good fortune. That’s obviously right around Thanksgiving so you know what I’m going to say? Sounds like you’ll be rich in love. Awwwwwwwwww.

Ugh, typical (or not ugh because health is also wealth!): On November 29th it’s time to focus on your fitness. You have Saturn in your 6th house of actions and you don’t want to let that go to waste, because it’s going to be January 1st before you know it and then May and then June when you’re wondering why no one made you start working out early. Well here you go! Let’s go together. You can carry me because my kneecaps don’t bend in the early morning.

Would you look at that? Venus in your relationship sector from November 11th to December 7th, and you know what it is doing? Trying to get you to buy that ring and lock down that person of your d-r-e-a-m-z. Sorry if your November ‘scope sucked, I’ll make it up to you in December or bribe you with baby kittens.

Cool things about turkeys time, courtesy of Time.com (is your traffic spiking yet, Time.com???): “A baby turkey is called a poult.”

Leo

It’s going to be a highly productive month for you, according to Suz, and what I would like to know is, Can I have some? What is it with to-do lists that don’t get done?

Hey Jerry Seinfeld, get out of there, this is my show!

You should plan travel and anything annoying and logistical like that now, in other news, because Mercury is going to go retrograde, again, in December, because Mercury has more vacation days than another other planet or human in this whole entire world. All of your prepping and planning in life is going to coincide with one very busy work month, but then again, I guess that makes sense since you actually go to your job/class, since you are not a retrograding planet by the name of Mercury.

I don’t think you’d want to be mercury, though. You know? You get stuck in thermometers that go up people’s butts and everyone tells sushi lovers not to eat sushi because of you.

On November 9th, no matter how nose to the grind you plan on being, come up for air to focus on your best friend, soul mate, pet, partner or love mate. I know you’re super busy but they just need those check-ins like, “Hey bb girl, thinkin’ of u.” We all need that, okay? Just pop in to say hey! Only don’t do it 100 times a day because that’s excessive.

Then back at it with the white Vans, Daniel: On November 14th you’ll be overcome by your rising status at work. How cool is that? (So I went to your room and read your diary.) (That’s a Weezer lyric because this is my show. Here’s the link to “El Scorcho” if you’re nasty.) (Hillary? IS THAT YOU?)

Alright alright, almost done. The 29th will be great whether you’re single or attached. And if you are attached, Mars will “give you an edge.” IDK what that means but maybe it’s like, an edgy new haircut.

WHAM! Time for turkey facts. Per Time.com, “When a male turkey is strutting, the snood [scroll up to Scropio to see what a snood is, sucka!!!] engorges with blood and extends to hang down over the beak. The snood has no known function, according to the National Wild Turkey Association.”

Virgo

Get out your wig and either your faux or vintage fur shawl so long as there’s no creepy fox face on it because on November 11th, Venus is in Capricorn really upping your social life and prepping you for a particularly glamorous night. What will you wear, what will you WEAR? Maybe loafers? Yes, yes, don’t forget you can dress those up to the nines!

It’s a travel month for you. I know it’s sort of a travel month for everyone but it will feel so good to say to yourself while booking your ticket to wherever you want in the world, “It’s a travel month for me!” Then you can add, “Baby!” if you’re feeling a little bit sassy.

Susan wrote that November 13th will be “a good day to get in your car and go to the countryside,” which is such a nice idea but it’s also like, Susan, what is this, Downton Abbey? Maybe it is. You know I love a Maggie Smith and/or Lady Mary reference but that I’ve had a really hard time bringing up the show ever since — spoiler alert — the departure of my dearly beloved Matthew, and yes, I know that happened in what, like, season three? But I am holding this grudge!

You’ll certainly have gas money, that’s for sure. On November 22nd you’ve got Mercury, who will “make a decisive aspect to Jupiter” (the planet of good fortune — oh, and speaking of, have you read your own palm yet? WTF) in your house of earned income. So, yeah, hope you like things that are green and vintage presidential.

I’m talking about cash.

The new moon toward the end of the month (around the 23rd/24th/25th) means you’ve got a cozy focus on the home. Redecorating? Cool, tell me about it in the comments, because A) same and B) where do I store my shoes? Your ruler, Mercury (bless you, Virgo child, that must get old quickly) will retrograde on December 19th, which means it’s going to be annoying to shop then SO DO IT NOW. BUY YOUR SCONCES NOW!

Turkey fact tiempo! “Turkey sandwiches taste so excellent with potato chips inside of the sandwich.” Source: Me.

Libra

Hi Libra! You wouldn’t be-Libra how long these horoscopes took me to do and my editor/salad professional Leslie Price probably wants to kill me — hi Leslie! — but I have held in my pee for the past six signs so that I could just focus and get to the end, fingers running like a mad dash. I’m telling you that because we’re close, and also because if this feels frantic, it is, but so is life in the fast lane which you are LIVING, Nascar Nancy and Moonshine Michelle!

Frantic may have been the wrong word for you. Things are just happening, you know? Shit is going to be good? Truly! November is going to rule. Susan even wrote that life is looking rosey! (OR IS IT LOOKING ROSIE, IDK SAME THING.) You can thank Jupiter, planet of luck, Kel Mitchell and good fortune for that one. Jupiter’s got its eyes on you and its arm around your back until October 2017. Whoa, what will you be for Halloween?

Never mind that, celebrate! Travel this November! Throw out exclamation points with wild abandon as I am wont to do. Oh! You know what else you should do in early November — stress on that early: ask for a raise because the sun and Pluto are in contact which is going to help you out. Any lingering money issues will be resolved by November 14th, and Susan thinks you should check in with your sibling or best friend equivalent. Go ahead, give ’em a call. It’s the holladayz!

You’re going to shine in all categories related to work, money and communication, but we did not forget about love. No. I’ll tell you about that in two seconds, it’s just that it’s time for your Time.com Turkey fact! “Turkeys freak out in crowds. When they get spooked, they run for cover, an instinct that is useful in the wild, but works against them in pen conditions when they head to one place and pile up, smothering their neighbors that end up on the bottom.” That was a weird one, sorry. Scroll allll the way back up if you want to read all other 11 cool things about the big-ass bird you used to try to replicate by outlining your less-dexterous hand.

Now let’s end this on a high note: Mars, “the sexy energy planet,” will be in your true love sector from November 8th until December 19th. It might be one of your favorite months of the year for love, so get out there and mingle. Call up Fabio. I bet you he’d let you borrow his wind machine.

Libra

Happy birthday and great eyebrows Greta Garbo, this is going to be one glamorous month for you! Who says “glamorous” without even a hint of irony? Susan Miller, your mom when referring to your cousin’s job in LA and me, okay?  I just do what Susan tells me to. I am but a vehicle of her brain. The cracker to her cheese, if you will.

OCTOBER IS GOING TO BE GREAT!

Jupiter showed up at the beginning of the month — he’s the good fortune 500 planet with a heart of gold and two emoji hands to bless the shit out of you. Sneeze all you want, Jups won’t get mad about it. You haven’t had him in this part of your chart for over ten years, so roll around in these happy days like you’re the Golden Retriever version of Richie Cunningham. What’s wrong with me? Everything. What’s wrong with you? Per Suz and Jups up until the middle of October? Basically nothing. You will probably fall in love, you will probably get a promotion* (not necessarily a raise, though — Susan says this one’s more about status, so hang on to your millennial boots and enjoy the fancy new title until your bank account catches up, which it will). You might get engaged in the first half of October, by the way. Remember that has two meanings but also remember that when it comes to pumpkin-spiced engagement photos, ’tis the season.

The second half of the month comes with a tiny bump: The new moon on the 15th and 16th might cause everyone and Ludacris to act a fool, so sidestep their asses to avoid conflict while you take time to consider your best plan of action. Focus on your Halloween costume instead. Way more important.

At the end of October, there’s a high chance you come into some sort of inheritance. That’s so Nate Archibald of you. Told you this was a glamorous month! Chipotle and champagne for all!

Scorpio

Scorpio, do you ever look at your sign as it’s drawn out in the sky and think to yourself that the bit to the right looks like Spiderman throwing a web in someone’s face? I am just curious.

Susan had some deep thoughts, too. She brought up the whole “technology is warping our brains” thing and lamented how we never take time for ourselves anymore. Would you rather eat glass than hear that kind of revelation one more time? I don’t disagree with the warping thing — yesterday I felt some brain come out of my ear — but I am also sick of the heavy come-down on the we way live, as though it’s our fault. Don’t give me this cell phone and then tell me to give it back! This might make you feel better: Ancient astrologers (the kind who go way back to when dinosaurs roamed the earth and everyone freed at least one nipple by way of asymmetrical togas) felt this way and decided, in conjunction with the stars, that this month of October before your Scorpian Queen birthday would be a time to pause. Reflect like Mulan. Stop answering text messages, avoid email and blame me, Susan and the sun. It’s for your sanity!

Hold, please, my Postmate is here. I’m getting oatmeal. I am writing this in the morning for once, so I’m not drunk but am a little tipsy.

I’m back and so is your mojo, heyo! Venus is moving through Scorpio until the 17th, and you know what that means: time for hair, nails and a new wardrobe. You’re gonna love the way you look, Men’s Warehouse guarantees it. You could do a little weekend getaway these next few weekends if you’re feeling festive, but be wary that Uranus and the new moon on the 16th are doing weird things in bathroom that will definitely cause some shit to go haywire. Don’t sign contracts but otherwise, you can handle it. You just spent what, like, 30 days in a retrograde last month?

Oh, and watch your step at the end of October. You might trip on something and fall in love.

Sagittarius

Your whole life is changing for the better, half-horse people. (You are half-horse people, so how it can get better boggles my mind.) September is centered around your office and career which is great and all considering that this is Wall Street and money never sleeps, but if you run on fumes for too long you’re bound to start sputtering and power out like a Tesla that someone forgot to charge overnight, or however those things work. Do they eat hay? Do you?

Hang out with your friends! They’re the rose gold spray-painted pumpkin centerpiece of your month. The stars saw it on Pinterest or something. (Susan also mentioned you might get very into sports right now. It is football season, after all. Any excuse for nachos.) This would also be a really good time time to get involved with something not necessarily outside of your comfort zone, but outside of your normal world. Join a club, join a charity, join a community garden so that you can harvest root vegetables and submit them to the phallic produce convention once the time rolls around again. I can never remember the date on that, but I do remember the date of the new moon since I have to write it 11 other times today. I am a farmer’s almanac! The new moon is October 15, and it’s in Aries.

Dun, dun, dunnnnnnnnnnnn. All that means is that some closure is due. When one door closes, another opens. Sometimes it’s your mom telling you not to slam doors and sometimes it’s a giant opportunity.

The month will end quietly, according to Siouxsie Sioux. Enjoy it. You’re gearing up for a large shipment of hay and other non-edible big things to come.

Capricorn

Dust off your trophy closet and start walking every potential suitor right into it as if by accident like, “Oh weird, who put these blue ribbons and soccer tournament posters featuring me in here,” because the moon and Jupiter are hanging out in your tenth house of honors, awards and achievements which means — cue it, Alicia Keys! This! Girl! Is on FIRE! And girl, by girl I mean your career. Hello, CEO, may I please have your autograph?

Interestingly, you may not actually see the spike during this new moon, but it is the time to plant career seeds, as Suz would say, because the new moon is fertilizing those sowed seeds better than horse manure does roses. <– This is true. The more you know. Befriend a Sagittarius ^. If you see something, say something. I live for a PSA.

Dates! Let’s talk dates. Since your whole ‘scope is swirling around your career, put a pin on the 26th for an important interview or phone call. Lucky day there. There’s a new moon on the 16th that’s annoying enough that Susan wrote entire paragraphs about it in summaries alone, but what you need to know as always is that it doesn’t determine doom so much as it does raise a flag that you should think methodically, move slowly and keep your eyes on the prize. That prize, of course, will be awarded to the winner of the Halloween costume contest, which you will definitely win. See sentence one of this horoscope and the following line:

Your creativity will be an all-time high, so whip out the spooky makeup tutorial videos and find your best ghosting sheet. Yee-haw! You win!

Aquarius 

If you work in media, want to work in media or consume it like cereal-flavored ice cream that’s sold out of a trendy sneaker, October 10th and 11th will be great days for you. If you’re not a television watcher, hate movies and are listening to this by way of a book on tape because you can’t stand media of any sort (well what does a book on tape count as then, hmmmm, and who exactly is narrating my voice if not Morgan Freeman, sounds sketchy to me??) well then, I lost my point.

Here’s another one! You’re thinking really strategically right now thanks to Mars. Vague, but use that to your advantage. In fact, on-your-toes savvy thinking might save you the 16th when you slip into my DMs to congratulate me for that string of alliteration and say, “Whoa, thank god you gave me that heads up in my ‘scope because my travel plans were all messed up!” So yeah, watch out for travel during this time. The planets are not trying to help anyone out for some reason around this new moon.

But they do love you. They really do. Proof is in the vibrator Jupiter is using on the 26th, which usually causes trouble during travel in case it goes off in a carry-on, but here it is redeeming the shitstorm of the 16th and making this particular date an especially lovely time to travel long distance. What a sentence! A run on, if you will, just like your upcoming love life. It’s gearing up on the 18th and will enjoy a lovely jog well into November 12th. So it’s fine if TSA confiscates your vibrator!

More than anything, I am very happy my dad is not an Aquarius if it means he never reads what I just wrote.

Pisces 

As the last person on the entire planet to watch Ali Wong’s “Baby Cobra,” I have taken quoting it every chance I get and I cannot stop going on about how she trapped her husband for his earning potential. Ali Wong (or Joanne the Scammer might be interested, too) if you are reading this, someone else is finally about to make you very rich!

But isn’t someone else always? Money doesn’t grow on trees. Someone higher up has to break out the fountain pen and sign the check. And they will! Do you! For one BILLION DOLLARS! Or something similar I don’t know just open up your wallet and say Ahhhhh.

(Then zip it up because the new moon on the 16th might try to fuck it up. This new moon is annoying everyone; don’t take it personally. You know we’ll get past it. We always do.)

Because it’s tacky to talk for an entire sign about money, let’s turn our focus to your friends. You will be very social this month! Call up your old pals, tell them you’re sorry for hibernating during every event they’ve had over the past few weeks (social menopause girl, I get it) and enjoy their presence. Just go home when you’re ready for bed. Be sure to say goodnight moon to the shiner at the end of the month. It’s going to be brand new, so you’ll want to be extra nice — this new moon on October 30th is going to making things reallllll special for you in November. You should invite it to Thanksgiving dinner! Too soon? Fine. Happy Halloweiner!

Aries

The new moon is spraying perfume in a public place for you, regardless of who chokes on it — a little bit annoying to anyone who’s nearby and allergic or hates the smell of the moon’s favorite scent, but absolutely fantastic for you if you’re thinking about weddings, engagements or the grand ol’ cuffing season. Jupiter is in a part of your house right now that touches commitments, and Jups plus the new moon are singing everyone’s favorite song about math, “I know my calculus. It says you plus me equals us.”

Remember that commitment and words like “engagement” doesn’t always have to be so literal. Engagement could mean the amount of comments on your newest Instagram, and commitment will definitely pertain to your career, because you’re about to be so in love with what’s going on at work. Aries, you’re impressing everyone! Keep it up! Be bold with your ideas and don’t let Karen in accounting with the scowls sway you, even if you are a year late on the receipts that she keeps asking for. We all know you lost them. It’s okay. You can ask cab drivers for some blank receipts and write stuff in if you have to.

Where am I? Who are you?

The new moon of the 16th’s a tricky dick. Mostly because — I’m not going to lie — in rereading your sign I’m suddenly worried I recapped Aries for another sign. But there’s no looking back, is there? It will be fine either way. You’re likely to sidestep problems because you have Jupiter on your side. Just maybe wear sturdy shoes that you don’t mind getting dirty. Like the kind you’d wear to a frat party.

Speaking of party, go to all of them at the end of the month for Halloween. Hate the season? Work that into your costume, but I’d definitely go if I were you. Sounds like you’re going to meet someone cool.

Taurus

We are going to have such a career month, you guys!!! That is great news because I got these horoscopes in to our new editorial director Leslie Price so late that I am surprised she did not light me on fire, but there is still time. Time to succeed! Use this time to show everyone at the office just how good you are, how great you can be and exactly what you can do. If you have spent the last six weeks perfecting your ukulele skills and your firm is trying to write a radio jingle for something that could really use a few sweet chords strummed by an angel, um, raise your hand. No one is going to know what you know until you show them. Be your own best resumé! Build your brand!

And in the kindest way possible, seal your mouth shut. There’s a likelihood that this full moon, the same one that’s bugging everyone, could get us into a little bit of trouble by tricking us into revealing a secret. Since you can’t walk around with duct tape over your mouth and it’s probably not realistic for you to eat peanut butter or biscuits without water every five seconds (I mean, it is but…) so that you don’t talk, just be cautious, you know? Don’t assume that anyone knows anything and play a little bit like, “What? A dinner? I had no idea.” Sometimes, when I’m in a particular pit of secret-keeping, I just ignore any and all text messages. “Safe Keeping,” I call it. OH MY GOD AND FOR THE LOVE OF GOD SPEAKING OF SECRETS AND TEXT MESSAGES, no screenshots, okay?? No texting screenshots, no email shit-talking. This is how stuff gets out these days.

Enough of the cautionary whale: here’s some fun stuff depending on your definition of fun. We’re going to get back into fitness. Yes. We are doing this now so that we can be on track way before January. (Because you know how we are in January, and in January we are sleeping. Abs start in October so that they can hibernate during the winter.) Ditto love. Start batting your fake eyelashes now for practice, but all of the good romance is being saved for the end of the month. Maybe it will be with a Gemini…??

Gemini

Oh hey Gemini. I was just talking about you because I thinkkk we’re probably going to start dating each other pretty soon. My sign needs at least 20 more days to mull this over but is also raring to go. I’ll text you after this so that you know where to send me flowers. AS FOR THE FLOWERS BEING SENT TO YOU, everyone is in love with you! Everyone! “Cupid and his little fleet of angels will be out and about to zing their arrows to the right person for you,” wrote Susan. I didn’t even know Cupid “did” October. Doesn’t seem like his scene? Too many people dress up like him on Halloween. Speaking of, even though this is a total diversion, is there anything worse than grown men dressed up as giant babies for Halloween? I hate clowns. A lot. Like I would not be okay with this Tim Curry-as-IT-stuff-of-nightmare bullshit going on right now, but giant babies are really up there for me, too. And puppets.

Back to your ‘scope because that’s way more pleasant. Susan says in her own way that you’ll be having lots of fun, romance and sex like, all month. Seriously. It’s kind of all she talked about, including in your summary. I felt like I was reading a Danielle Steel novel, which is nice, because it’s been way too long since we’ve had a Danielle Steel reference in general.

You’ll spend more money than usual (channel J.Lo if you’re feeling broke because her love don’t cost a thing) but Suz seems to think that you won’t just be okay, you’ll still have ca$h left over for shoes. Like, THE pair of shoes as opposed to a bunch of cheap-o pairs. Where you do need to watch out for is the new moon on the 16th, which is causing emotional acne across every sign, but we’ll all be fine and swallow helium from Libra’s birthday balloons to make ourselves laugh if need be.

Cancer

God sometimes Susan writes a line so clean I don’t even know why I bother putting shoes on: “Home means everything to the little crab, and if your home is not the way you hoped it would be, you will feel restless until you get it right.” You know what that means, right? Apartment therapy!!! Not to toot our own trumpets but if you need some inspiration that doesn’t involve springs tucked into twine that has been crisscrossed over your towel stacks like a wrapped package because you will never in a million years will you be able to untie the twine without using a garden shear, look no further than our Cool Apartment series. OKAY COMMERCIAL OVER JEEZ can I have the remote back now?

“There’s no possibility of anything going wrong this month.” Susan also said that so I sure hope you’re happy again after our fight we just had. “You are now in your very best year in the decade to find the living quarters of your dreams.” !!! She said that too! Why do I even write these things for you if she’s the one with all of the brilliance in her finger tips and knowledge in her brain? (You are just now asking yourself that, Amelia?) Do you even want any more information beyond that?

Probably. So you’ve got Jupiter helping out on the home improvement front, then when Mercury joins it on the 10th/11th, you’re going to be well-positioned to sign a lease. Money might be tight around the new moon on the 16th, a day that’s bugging everyone, but in this case that’s probably because you just locked down a place to live. Everyone else is going to be a little…crabby…during that time…including an authority figure, so don’t cave, and don’t take offense. Hole up in your home and start laying out your gallery wall because I’ve heard that takes hours. Maybe put a little jazz on. Why not?

Now turn your focus toward the end of the month, because something tells me you still don’t know what to be.  Susan hints you should “go for the gold,” which means the options are endless. An Olympic gymnast a la Simone Biles? A Klimt painting? Ponyboy? The options are endless because the world is your oyster. Good thing you live in the ocean.

Leo

Regardless of all the dramatic hoo-ha surrounding bloggers, now is exactly the time for you to start thinking about gearing up your URL and figuring out how many different variations there are on whatever play on words you’ve concocted in your beautiful lion-tressed head. The new moon in Libra (is that taken?) is sprinkling that good juice all over your sign’s house of communication, which means anything involving writing, talking, media, hand waving, passing notes, texting, blinking and reading will just make so much sense. Everything’s gonna click! Like a Lego.

Travel appears to be in your charts on the 16th which means that Susan must have access to your Google calendar. It’s technically not the best time to travel because the new moon is being a real stick-in-the-Mudd jeans (remember when those were so coooool) but as they say in the great outdoors: when you gotta go, you gotta go. Just be mindful of what is and isn’t poison ivy. Speaking of butt wipes that could go either way, Uranus, planet of surprise, is obviously involved in all of this. Any time travel falls outside of your control during a Susan Miller celestial warning, you know the drill: strap your passport to your belly button, glue your eyeglasses to your face, arrive to the airport at least one day early and either avoid checking a bag or avoid packing shampoos. If you do check a bag, succumb to the fact that your bottle of Head & Shoulders will explode all over, or the suitcase will be lost. At least that means a new wardrobe for you and no acne for your clothes!

These tangents are how I lose track of time. Where were we again?

Ah, yes! Your home, once again. Sorry, it’s all Susan talked about, although I’d just like to add that in terms of money you’re good and when it comes to your heart, you’ll feel full. I do wish I had some Bed, Bath & Beyond coupons to give you, though. Accept this horoscope instead?

Virgo

If money has felt tighter than your it’s-September-so-who-cares-about-the-gym-and-why-not-say-yes-to-the-all-you-can-eat-waffle-bar-every-day belt then get down on your knees and thank your lucky stars, literally, because Uranus is getting the hell out of Virgo’s sector that rules finances. That means this year, your finances are going to rule. FINALLY! They have felt annoying and scabby since 2011 according to Susan’s calculations.

Hold on I have to use the restroom.

K I’m back.

Do you feel richer already? Just wait until the 10th and the 11th when the good kind of green juice really starts to pour in. You may also inherit a condo! In Boca? I don’t know. Wherever your heart desires, moneybags. Now let’s talk about love.

Mars just recently entered your true love sector — that sneaky planet did so toward the end of September, and you haven’t had the help of Mars in two years. Some people call that a dry spell. It’s revving up now, and although there may be some little pin pricks because of pricks around the 13th, the 20th and 28th (nice to know there are specific dates to beware of assholes, no?), you’re otherwise going to be swimming in everyone’s favorite hot tub called romance. Mars leaves November 9th, by the way, but then Venus comes in and you know she likes to get weird and wild. Venus will jump right in that hot tub with you and take her top off. Everyone needs that friend, the ultimate wing woman. Speaking of all of this, make sure you’re social during this time if you do indeed want to meet a few suitors and line up your string of dalliances. I’ve said this before and lord knows I will say it again because I’m consistent, repetitive and consistent: It is cuffing season! And thanks to Céline, big cuffs are in.

Travel toward the end of the month if you can. Hang out by the water. There’s probably a connection to be made here about fish in the sea but I used up my ocean joke on Cancer. One at a time, y’all. Whether you get away or not, stay by a pen. The new moon on the 29th will trigger your creativity and inspire you to write. Just in time for November horoscopes. Text me if you want to do them for me!

Virgo

You’re a Virgo who can’t drive but so what because it’s your birthday. Happy birthday! We’ve got a lot to cover in a short span of time so I’ll probably ignore the boring stuff if you don’t mind. Two eclipses this month: one happened already on the 1st which may have given you a bit of a rocket boost and/or shined some Lion King light over all that you’ve achieved in this past year so that you can finally appreciate it for once; the second will occur on September 16th. Hold that thought for a sec because don’t be fooled: Mercury is still in retrograde until the 22nd which is causing your life to feel super messy. Try to make zero decisions until that planet gets its shit together, if you can.

(Susan gets all ominous by saying that the second eclipse on the 16th is going to fire up your house of commitment and partnerships and apparently what happens during an eclipse LOCKS IT DOWN during an eclipse and any decisions you make are hard to reverse.)

If it’s a life or death or job situation, you know. Be sane about all of this…

B O R I N G — BRING OUT THE CAKE!

Let’s talk about your lucky days, September 25th and 26th, when Jupiter is conjuncting the sun, which is like planet sex, and we know that planet sex is like rabbit sex in that a million babies shoot out after and in this case the babies are all good vibes. Speaking of sex, on the 27th you’re going to fall into “a bewitching period for love” (no pressure but it lasts until November 8th) and on the new moon of September 30th, ask for a raise. Lean-in Autumn is here!

Libra

Cheer up, emo kid. LIFE JUST GOT SO GREAT!!! Jupiter — the happiest planet in the universe that somehow doesn’t annoy you in the morning even though it’s way too cheery and doesn’t make you want to punch it in the teeth even though it’s always smiling — is coming to stay with you and your sign starting September 9th…which is today! Jupiter is a great house guest. It makes breakfast and cleans up after itself, knows when to give you alone time (like if you have a “friend” over, which you might!) and then it sends you flowers you’re not allergic to exactly one day post-departure as a very thoughtful thank you. And if it breaks a wine glass or eats your food, it apologizes and reimburses you in a dramatically unnecessary way!

To make room for Jupiter you gotta clear out the bad stuff. Do whatever that means for you, but do it with force, vigor and apple cider vinegar.

If you’re single and don’t want to be, you won’t be for long. By all means download apps, but can I offer up my own advice? Sign up for three activities right now that you always say you want to sign up for, then actually go and see what happens. It’s still nice out and people are in such great moods and everyone has their summer glow. Save the swiping for the dregs of February when you’re really just doing it as your sole form of exercise, you know?

September 25th and 26th are the luckiest days of the year for everyone. The full moon on September 30th is pretty spectacular by way of luck and planetary assistance, too. (Susan said it hasn’t been this good in over 10 years and she’s been doing this forever, so that’s saying something.) Use these days to get exactly what you want for every facet of your life — a job, a book deal, a sandwich, a raise, the list goes on if you let it. And if you need an excuse to push off the meetings that might set these things in motion, use my favorite excuse in the Berger-Post-It-Breakup-Cadence until the 22nd: I’m sorry. I can’t. Mercury is in retrograde.

251fc3e900000578-0-image-a-4_1422395698447Zoom
Scorpio

Hey Scorps! Hmmm…so, not uncommon (omg did I just scare you like when the doctor is looking deep into your various caverns and then accidentally says “hmmm” out loud? Does one even say “hmmm” or does one conjure it from his or her evil subconscious in order to freak out another human? Sorry!) but it looks like August was a working month for you. A real pain in the ass. Maybe that’s why you were at the doctor’s and I had to use the word cavern. But this is not about Uranus!

It’s about Mercury and Jupiter in Virgo conspiring to not only make September your best month ever, but to make it highly social, fun and full of bacchanalia as opposed to academic, corporate or spread-shitty. Skrrrt: I know that you love yourself some alone time, so remember that you can be social with yourself, too. When’s the last time you hung out with you? All she/I mean is: no more 9 p.m. desk sushi. In to work, out of work, no lingering about for a document. Oddly, Susan says some contradictory stuff later about how your social life is “costing you” this month (OH MY GOD I AM SO SORRY SUZ I DON’T MEAN IT!) so just make sure that you’re not irresponsible about the partying if you do get in the mood for it. Happens to the best of us when alcohol and cheese fries are involved.

The 26th and the 27th are going to be great days for all, but here’s what Susan predicts specifically for you: “The meeting of the Sun and Jupiter on September 26 will likely bring a professional breakthrough that makes you so gleeful, you’ll be dancing on the tables.” Okay, so see what I mean about alcohol and cheese fries? September 30th will only further your career-related luck.

And one more word about Mercury in retrograde: remember that it’s not all bad even though I’m acting like Claire Danes in Homeland and being very dramatic about it. If you run into someone from your past right now, there might be a reason. If they don’t throw up red flags, let them in. And if they do, throw up on them.

Sagittarius

If you have not only been feeling like a slug but also burping up slugs ~* SPOILER ALERT, KIND OF*~ like certain people in Stranger Things (whoa, hello disgusting thought continuation from the horoscope above you!) for the past year — and let’s say these slugs are metaphors for your career and your energy and your ideas, well THANK THE GOOD NEW MOON AND THE TWO ECLIPSES BECAUSE THEY ARE KICKING YOUR SLUGS’ ASSES INTO HIGH GEAR.

Keep all of that in the back of your mind if you still feel like your momentum is trapped in molasses because remember that we’re still in the thick of a Mercury Retrograde which is no doubt ruining your life in other ways. The BS ends on the 22nd and by October 15th you’ll feel back to normal. This is so boring. You know when you literally bore yourself mid-story but feel like you have to tell it anyway because you started and you’re a Sagittarius, not a quitter? Here’s what you care about (which really means here’s what I care about and I’m projecting):

Money will start to come in around the second eclipse on the 16th, including a trickle in from projects you’ve been waiting on. When it comes to love, you’re either going to fall into it or grow in it. You’ll be luckiest on the 25th and 26th so now’s your chance to join a Leprechaun Club. Come the 27th, all the planets will basically be asking, “WHAT DO YOU WANT” like Noah Calhoun from The Notebook but with less aggression, more tenderness and more ways to make it happen for you.

giphy-2Zoom
The 30th is great too, sorry for the novel and I hope you learned something.

Capricorn

First of all, get out of town. Not because you said something shocking or because I don’t want you here, but because Susan wants you to travel close to the time of the first eclipse (we have two this month and one just happened when September shot out of the gate — second one’s on the 16th and we may or may not talk about it depending on how fed up I get with finger typing). If you can’t travel because you have school or work or something, that’s totally fine and if you wanted to get deep I could make up a whole thing about how your mind or eye can travel separate from your body, but also, no one argues with the word diarrhea. Say you have it for the month and your boss will say no more. Tell them you can spell it without referencing Google and they’ll give you a raise. I forgot to tell you about all of this: the point of the travel is to trigger a bunch of sure-to-come new beginnings.

Travel sort of permeates your whole month. The difference is that on the 16th — the second eclipse — you’re set to travel again but this time a bit closer to home. (Again: Travel with your brain, your eyes, your telekinesis mind games that allow you to transcend all of this time and space crap.) Also, this round of travel will signal the end of things. Bring your ribbon jar that you never got rid of after the trend died in your hometown and get ready to tie up all the annoying shit that’s been flapping in the wind into neat little horoscope bows.

Speaking of wrapping it up... (Yes I’m in your brain.)

Jupiter in Libra is lighting up your house of tenth honors and achievements. You’re crazy well-positioned for raises and accolades and major career upgrades. The luckiest days of the year are the 25th and 26th, so strategize the scheduling of all meetings with people who you need to say yes, including your parents, with those days in mind. And then on the 30th, two words: Prestige Worldwide. (IDK what I mean by that but it’s all good things.)

Aquarius 

I HAVE SAVED THIS FOR RIGHT NOW JUST IN CASE ANY OF THE SIGNS DOWN BELOW ARE TRYING TO SNEAK OUT OF THIS PARTY EARLY:


It’s eclipse time, baby. Ohh yeah.

What does that mean? Nothing and everything because we’re amid a Mercury in retrograde that ends the 22nd. We had our first eclipse already on September 1st: That’s going to trigger new beginnings. Saturn’s being kind of cranky about this and throwing up some obstacles within these new beginnings, so think of the beginning of September like your Oprah vision board and then once we’re in half #2, you can execute.

We’ve also got Merc retrograde in middle making a Fuck Your Shit Up Salad. Same thing, be patient. It’s over the 22nd and by October you’ll have your life skates on. Life skates are like ice skates minus borrowing a stranger’s shoes.

So what are some good days to know that translate into news you can use?

I think you’re getting a job offer on the 16th. On the 25th and 26th, shake the hand that’s been sticking out to you all month regarding some sort of agreement involving money. You’re going to be productive this month, which is ironic considering how long it will take you to read your full horoscope on Susan’s site, but let me tell you something else: You’ve got romance written all over your sign. Text me how the date goes!

Pisces

Hey goldfish, I just ate a handful of you and then accidentally sat on at least five more (my apologies to your sisters and brothers) which crushed a nice orange powder into my white couch but who cares because I already spilled a Diet Coke all over the same couch cushion.

I am SUPER BORED of talking about the eclipses and I run this rodeo/just told you about your sisters and brothers, not to sound like Tony Soprano or anything. I’ll give you the short version since I can tell you’re mad: There are two, one happened at the start of the month and the other one is happening the 16th. Eclipses mean change — new beginnings, new ends — and leave a lot of room for interpretation. We also have Mercury in retrograde, which is going to make everything feel backwards in addition to breaking your iPhone 100 different ways, but I think it’s going to numb the changes until it goes back to normal on the 22nd. Then we have Saturn and Mars in your career house which apparently is complicating all of that, but take comfort in knowing that Susan predicts it’s all going to work out. And truly, she doesn’t predict stuff a lot…

UHHH on the 16th you’re for sure going to DTR with someone. Prep your brain for that conversation but don’t get weird because A) what is meant to be will be, might as well come to a head now and B) it will go in your favor. Lotta good stuff coming your way with this eclipse numero dos.

Love is lovely until the end of the month (and it’s especially sexy from the 27th until NOVEMBER 9th — hi!). Also, not that your life is about the male, female, or anyone who isn’t you gaze, but Susan Miller loves an old school compliment and guess what she said? Come the end of the month you’re gonna be turning hella heads.

She said hella! She didn’t. I’m lying. I just don’t want to start Aries.

Aries

OH HEY ARIES!!! I was totally just talking about another Aries up there lol. You don’t know her. Let’s talk about you!!

It’s Bonnie Tyler season, which means we’ve got not ONE but TWO total eclipses of the heart and other things in the sky (like the full moon on the 1st and the 16th). The first one affects work and health (sounds like you should take a *sick* day and play little last-summer-hurrah hooky?). The second one’s also health-related so get a wart removed or something. It’s your life and that wart’s just living in it. There’s also the whole issue of Mercury still retrograding like a wallowing friend of yours who won’t shut up about a breakup and is bringing everyone down with her — especially at the bar. But I have more or less been doing the same thing for at least FIVE of these horoscopes and if you’re one of the psychopathic ten who read all of these top to bottom then good lord holy Jesus how are you still breathing? So let’s give the people what they want, shall we?

The people want love! AND YOU SHALL HAVE IT! Jupiter’s in your solar seventh house of commitment from the 9th until October TWO-THOUSAND-AND-SEVENTEEN. That is longer than a year if you do math good. This means that if you’re single and whining about it you may no longer have anything to talk about over drinks with people you don’t know what else to talk about with. Although you can always talk about a new relationship. And if you’re taken then you can deepen your love in ways that involve sitting cross-legged and crossed-eyed and whatever you have to do to take it to the next level in the next bedroom next door.

Venus is hooking up the hookup too and she’s thinking about marriage BUT REMEMBER!!! The word marriage doesn’t have to be used in such limiting terms when it comes to horoscopes. You can start a marriage with absolutely anything that’s important to you (work in a non-obsessive way, art, a new hobby, a platonic partnership, a lampshade if you ever watch TLC).


As for anything else you should know: September 25th and 26th are the best days ever for every sign so don’t feel too special but also don’t not, and the 30th is the cherry on your Cool Month pudding.

Taurus

Hi. This month I have never been more proud to call myself a correspondent of Susan Miller’s planetary brain because she began our horoscope…in the voice…of STEFAN.

giphy-1Zoom
“September has everything – two eclipses, September 1 and 16, a gorgeous new moon September 30 (one of the sweetest of the year), and the move of Jupiter to a completely new sign it’s not been in since autumn 2004 through autumn 2005. Also add in Mercury retrograde August 30 to September 22, and to top it off, the luckiest day of the year will arrive this month in the last week.” Granted, she didn’t mention a single abandoned baby elephant in an alleyway, but maybe they’re in Leandra’s uterus!!!

Anywho, what’s happening for you guys? Let me tell you what’s happening for you (us) guys:

For one thing, we’re not getting into eclipse or retrograde details because honestly I have had it and if you need to read about them in direct correlation to our sign, please visit www dot susanmiller dot com. It’s just too much and I have too many other things to say.

LIKE NUMBER ONE: LOVE. This is probably the seventh month that Susan Miller said it’s going to happen, not to mention the psychic that I saw at my friend’s bachelorette party who told me I was literally five months out from meeting The One — which, if you can imagine, puts so much pressure on the entire male species because when I meet anyone who even might have a peen I’m like how are you what’s up tell me about your parenting style.

My tailor has forbidden me from coming to see him until I get over this.

Anyway I’m a romantic this is probably the month.

And if it is not? LITERALLY who cares. We have a lot of other things to talk about like our career — Susan says this month is the most creative we’ll have felt in ages, and everyone knows creativity translates to money, our health because it’s always important and when’s the last time you saw a doctor (or a gym considering that everyone stops going to the gym in June, right? Team pact to get back on it) — anyway, now’s the time to work on it/watch it soar/do you think we should take parkour lessons together? And, oddly, travel. She wants us to travel at the end of the month which I haven’t planned but I never say no to a burrata festival, do you?

Of course you don’t. You’re a Taurus, too.

Gemini

Sooooo. About halfway through these horoscopes, because I was Kevin FED-erline the fuck up with writing the same thing over and over, I sort of glazed over the whole thing about Mercury in retrograde — like yeah yeah the planet is giving you the illusion of spinning backwards even though it’s not really spinning backwards and yet the planet’s gravitational force is so strong that the mere ILLUSION of it doing something bonkers is causing us to drop our phones in toilets, run into our exes and suddenly forget how to work the remote control at least 100 times more than usual. But it’s even crazier for you, Geminis, because Mercury is your RULING PLANET.

So I ask you: When Mercury’s retrograding, does it feel like the first half of Don’t Tell Mom the Babysitter’s Dead when everything’s a total mess? Or does it feel like the second half AKA you bought the red power suit and you’ve got it on lock?

Genuinely curious. Like I am not Susan Miller despite what you may think at this point so I’d love to know. But what Susan did say is that this month is going to absolutely rule for you regardless of sneaky Mercury, so something tells me that yeah, you did buy the red power suit. Who cares with what card.

Anywhoons! This is a month that will be ideal for a whole damn slew of things and also, I keep getting interrupted while writing this so I don’t know what I’m even saying anymore. It’s a good time for you to redecorate no matter what your roommate says, enjoy your flourishing career (just wait until the 16th), find true love and/or high five your current lover until uhhh like, October 2017 (so no rush) and then sing “Oh Happy Day” for your lucky days where you can do literally whatever you want on September 25th, 26th and — drum roll please: the 30th — because the stars are aligned! #WHATRETROGRADE

Bless you if you read all that.

Cancer

LET ME THROW MY HANDS UP IN THANKS. FOR ONCE IN THIS WHOLE SLEW OF SCOPES, I HAVE SOMETHING NEW TO SAY TODAY.

First, boom: Susan Thriller says that if you have a book idea or a script written or a vision in your brain that needs to come out — anything of that nature, the eclipse has lit your third house of communications the fuqqq up. What if you write the next Stranger Things? I know, it’s my only pop culture reference right now. But you know the drill, right? No planet is going to take your fingers and make them start typing. You have to do the thing you keep telling yourself that you’re finally going to do. (Tomorrow! You promise!) What the planets will do is give you that push you need.

Next up, we have the second eclipse on the 16th that primes you for travel. Don’t have any plans? Make them. It’s like baking but without the carbs or so I’ve been told. Besides, it will extend summer. Fall weekends count too, you know.

Okay I think that’s a good-enough transition for us to talk to you about your crabs:

giphy-3Zoom
“In this extraordinary month,” writes Susan, “Jupiter is moving to a new sign, one of the biggest news of 2016 as it glides into Libra on September 9 to stay thirteen months…” Still with me? We’re getting there. Not gonna make a lube joke. “Home and family matters will soon begin to shine. The home is the one area the little Cancer crab cares about most, so this coming trend will make you very happy, helping you make your home your happiest place to be.”

Okay. All I’m saying is that “little Cancer crabs care about homes” sounds an awful lot like “crab-crabs/bed bugs love the home AND YOUR PANTS.” No? Just me? Scarred by a recent Sex and the City rerun? You know the one. With Charlotte? Okay. Just keep your eyes on the prize, get checked and be safe — especially if you’re in travel mode!

I think I’ve said enough. But last thing: your lucky days are the same as everyone else’s but equally as bright so use September 25th and 26th to your advantage. Need ONE more day to make real-deal moves? Gotchu. The 30th is a third try to turn that lucky key.

Leo

Here we are. At the end of the world’s longest horoscopes I have ever written. If you start at the top and get all the way down here to the bottom you have essentially read the entirety of War and Peace minus absolutely any literary substance.

Um, I’m sorry: “It appears a completely new source of income is about to come to you, and it will be a more generous amount than you had earned previously.” —> ??? THAT’S COOL.

You can thank September’s new moon, the sun, Jupiter and Mercury for that. They’re breaking it the hell down in your communications department of the stars or something which means that this magic money is going to come less from the sketchy drug run department and more from anything that has to do with writing, editing, word crafting, bird calling or that vague major that your parents gave you shit about but you just had a feeling was the one, or at least better than taking anything involving finance.

Speaking of finance! The second eclipse this month — the one you may or may not have heard by now is taking place on September 16th, I know my poor editor sure has — is going to “accent” your finances. Maybe that means it’s going to sound French, maybe that doesn’t, but I do know that A) Susan wants to make sure you’re smart about investing it and not spending it willy-nilly on freaks named Billy, but also B) it solidifies exactly what I opened your ‘scope with. In case you have amnesia. I sure do after writing these so I can’t imagine what you’ve gone through.

It’s been a journey, hasn’t it? Between you and I.

Speaking of journeys and these segues! You’ve got a lot of travel coming up in the year ahead so Susan thinks you should buy a car…just don’t do it until after Mercury in blahblahblah. But listen! Your love life is directly linked to travel per Suz, especially if we’re talking about that September 23rd date and beyond (which we are). So IDK, maybe you get into hitchhiking or Uber Pool if you can’t buy a car. Maybe you buy a car and drive it as an Uber Pool to make some money! The world gives us what we ask for and I’d like a nap.

No car at all? Not even a little bit so stop talking about it? Fine. Just know that a change is coming to your love life. Susan stressed this. You may not resolve the change until Saturn cuts the shit it’s stirring (which it is, quietly, in one house or another of yours) ONE YEAR LATER in December 2017. That’s a long time, but maybe it’s just enough, you know? “Until then,” writes Susan, “Saturn will tutor you in matters of the heart…so listen up to all that Saturn is showing you, and you’ll be all the wiser for it.”

Leo

HAPPY BIRTHDAY, LEOS!!!! Here’s to you and your Gucci mane of fire that frames your face from forehead to beard like the sun. This month will be a good one for you, something that Susan says hasn’t always been the case (like maybe in elementary school when your birthday fell during summer vacation and no one was around?) but I go to quite a few Leo birthdays these days and beg to differ. Never mind all that — who cares about counting straws when this one’s a direct route to the bubbly. 2016 is the year of YOU.

Speaking of you, if you’ve been thinking about jazzing up the old hair-hat or wardrobe or what have you, do it now. The new moon is amping up your confidence and turning you into the human equivalent of that sparkly gold butterfly crown Snapchat filter. Not the Coachella one.

You know, I wrote Taurus’s horoscope before yours but yours was open and in re-reading yours (say “yours” again) I’m wondering if perhaps I didn’t use some of yours (GOT ‘EM) for the bulls. Either way, not the birthday lion’s problem: travel on the 16th. Oh, you have non-travel plans? Cancel them and get out of here because you’ll probably fall in love and meet your next job opportunity on the plane/train/automobile of choice.

Do be prepared to start thinking of that goddamn certain someone around the 18th. Why do they pop out of the blue and into your brain like TRL songs? Especially when you thought you’d erased them forever? Still, if Oprah believes that you can manifest love then so can I. (And there might be something to it this time.) You can definitely manifest money around the 22nd, so think about green loaves of bread while you’re at it and spread some butter on top. Mmm. Better than icing on a slice of birthday cake.

Virgo

Let’s go into your ‘scope knowing two things: 1) You are still the celestial favorite even though haters will say it’s Leo, and 2) You have Jupiter in your sign until September 9th (he’s been there for a while, protecting you) so make the most of this time, tell him you love him and wrap up any VC funding.

Um, especially around August 16th? Seems like you’re set to appear on Ellen that day and win a big fat check or something because Susan has money raining down on your sign this day. It also happens to be a good time to go get that new iPhone or vacuum or whatever electrical gadget you’ve been dreaming of. (A BLENDER?)

On August 21st, Mercury will hook up with Jupiter which is a big deal because they haven’t hooked up since high school and everyone knows that high school hookups don’t count when introducing new baes to old flames. Their rekindling will protect you (Trojan Man!) and is also likely to set you up for a promotion.

Finally, on August 27th, more money coming your way, plus love, plus Venus will have been all cozied up in bed with you whispering things like, “Buy it. Yes. Buy the bag.” And per Susan, you should.

Libra

Hold your bony finger high over the “erase history” button on every device and account history with a password that you’ve memorized and prepare to cleanse your life without one sip of green juice. “Jupiter is in his final days of spending time in your twelfth house,” writes Susan. “Ancient astrologers pointed to the twelfth house as one of healing and health, and for a time to delete anything in your life that you feel you no longer want or need.” See? She even used the word delete. Select all, please. Now backspace like a motherfucker.

This month will also be a great time for you to start preparing. Prepare for the future, for next week, a project ahead, what have you. Stop procrastinating and check shit off your list because now’s the time. (I mean, it’s never the time because chores and life are always annoying but make like Nike and just do it before you have to cancel plans because you didn’t.)

It’s a good month for you to get surgery (bunion???), get money, get cooking. You’re going to be surrounded by good friends and good food and good people. Also, sidebar: I highly recommend you read this insane story that Susan writes in your ‘scope about this woman who straight up scammed her about the bathroom situation at a restaurant and so Suz opened a door expecting a toilet and went flying down the stairs. It’s wild. Susan has LIVED, both existentially-literally and existentially-figuratively.

The 18th is going to be one of those days where the whole world falls in love with you. Prepare yourself for proposals and declarations of googly eyes. See? I told you to be prepared. As for the rest of August, hang on to Mr. Toad’s wild ride. It’s gonna be a doozy in a good way. And so what if Mercury’s going retrograde on the 30th? (Have I said too much??) Susan straight up told me (us) that come September, which is VERY FAR AWAY, you will be the queen of the signs.

Scorpio

TODAY, YOU ARE A ROOSTER, MADAME SCORPIO. STAND ATOP YOUR ROOF AND CACKLE, “COCKADOODLEDOO.” The sun will rise when you tell it to.

(It’s gonna be a great August for you.)

Career-wise, you’re probably going to become inter-office and inter-industry famous on the 16th when you’re handed an assignment that you knock out of the damn park. Everyone’s gonna be like, “Whoa, girl, are you on steroids?” And you’re just gonna be like, “Nah, son. This is called the planets in action.” It’s also called your brain and your talent and your wits because remember! The planets can only take us so far. True success is all you.

Who am I, Oprah? What am I, drunk?

Clean your apartment on the 18th, enjoy friendship on August 21st and 22nd (Mercury is going to conjunct Jupiter.) (Ugh, I’ve made too many sex jokes so I’m worn out. Just like these two planets will be! Boom! Still got it! Is the moon planetary Viagra or what?) and swim around in a pool of warmth that comes from those who love you. It will be hard to avoid the spots that are warm because of pee since the whole thing will be high temps from fell-foods but, I don’t know. Life is about trade-offs.

Not on the 29th though. That’s just a day for you to step out into the world in a pair of new high heeled shoes. You’ve arrived. Hello. Nice to meet you.

Sagittarius

I’m not going to lie to you, because you’re my friend. As with my high school senior year ethics class, almost every television show ever and any time anyone speaks to me about anything involving numbers, I fell asleep and/or blacked out for the first page of your horoscope (Susan Miller got fancy and turned her website into a wild book or something), but the general gist is that Mercury’s going to go retrograde from August 30th to September 21st. Don’t let that freak you out though, LEANDRA, who for once isn’t reading this over my shoulder while breathing like the guy who loves Helga from Hey Arnold!, because all this means is that you should use the end of August to tie up loose ends and then use that cool patch of September to literally do nothing. I mean, fashion week, yes, but enjoy the slow-mo filter effect and maybe add a protective layer to your iPhone.

Was that all one sentence? I can’t tell. I’ve gone blind.

On August 16th, the planet of butts is in your house of true love whilst hooking up with the sun (careful/please wear SPF). What that means for you is romance and travel. Already traveling? GET THE FUCK OUT AGAIN. BYE. Team C-YA.

Can’t travel? That’s okay! I’m just so sorry I said that. Have a staycation, run a bath, put your out-of-office on. Let’s be more European about life in general.

Speaking of, here’s a carb. If work hasn’t seemed easy even though you were promised it would be, one more promise that the planets promise not to break: pretty soon, it will be.

Especially because, hello, on August 22nd, Mercury is in your prestigious tenth house of achievement! Susan said that! And that day, plus the 21st, plus the 27th are going to feel like three of the best you’ve ever had. Just like Drake once sang years and years before “Summer 2016.”

P.S. It still is.

P.P.S. In the comments, a reader poll: Y/N, Was that ^ just English?

Capricorn

Everyone is going to love or already loves August but you are really going to love it because George Zimmer guarantees it and so does Susan Miler. Saturn’s finally going direct on August 13th, which means that it’s finally going to start helping you and driving you to the airport as a favor instead of napping forever. (Give it a day or two to wake up, however.)

Hope you have Rihanna’s umbrella or at least your roommate’s on the 18th because it’s going to rain down money. Uranus is surprising the moon around this same time — butt to butt! — which means more cash will shit right out.

I AM SERIOUSLY SO SORRY FOR THAT SENTENCE BUT THESE TAKE ME SO LONG THAT THERE IS NO LOOKING BACK I JUST HAVE TO KEEP GOING.

On the 21st and 22nd, thanks to the planets getting into some other weird and fantastic adventures, you’re going to see a real uptick in your career and social life and, I don’t know, probably home decor because Suzy always manages to find a way to slip that in here somehow.

Oh! Can’t let you forget about the 27th — can I? — when Venus and Jupiter conjoin. Sounds like a TLC show. This connection will mean great things for your house of travel, for your love life, and, if you’re the studying type, it lays the ground for you to finally start thinking about getting that I’ve-always-dreamed-of-going-back-to-school-for-X degree.

Aquarius

“This month is for fun and love,” said SUSAN FRICKIN’ MILLER!!! Do you need any more from your horoscope than that?? Your career’s gonna slow down a bit this month which isn’t a bad thing, it’s just very European, and it will kick back up later after you’ve done as she’s instructed and had A) fun, B) love. Let’s look at the days that are best!

August 1st was great — Uranus and Venus were flirting. Obviously.

On August 2nd, the new moon in Leo brightened your partnership house, so maybe you DTR’d? Or at least now the window is slowly opening and thus allowing you to say, “Hey, let’s have the talk. With our mouths.”

On the 16th, Uranus is “exchanging golden beams with the sun” and since all of the planets are about that platonic free love, this is more than fine — this is great. It means that a partner in love or business (or BOOOOOTH) “will make you very happy.” I mean. Are innuendos not the greatest thing to come from the human language?

Let’s keep this momentum going: on the 18th — and again, this is basically me direct quoting Suz — your DEEPEST FANTASY WILL COME TO FRUITION. She used the words “deepest” and “fruition” and I changed “desire” to “fantasy” because I don’t think Ludacris gets enough airtime anymore.

P.S. Did you know that his real name is Christopher? That makes the Cris in Ludacris way funnier.

Word to the wise: be as productive as you can this month (ugh, yes, I know it’s August), but Mercury’s going retrograde in August and I don’t want you to be fucked. BUT! There’s more good love stuff coming your way August 21st, 22nd, not to mention the end of the month ending all sparkly, so you know. You know.

Omg, get me out of here!

Pisces

Hope you’ve got a Shamwow at home because you’ve got a lot of slug juice to wipe up from your seemingly-lagging career. Mars is back in town from the 5th to August 27th and it is lighting a fire under all that has seemed stagnant at work. Get ready — but you probably are. You’ve been waiting to roll your sleeves up and not just because you TBT-watch Jenna Lyons showing us how it’s done. (You’ll be able to breathe once it’s outta town on the 28th, in case I just freaked you out.)

Susan essentially jumps from August 2nd to the 16th in nearly everyone’s ‘scopes this month, and you were no exception. (The 2nd has obviously passed unless you have a time machine and are a little disoriented right now, but if you’re curious she mostly said you should work out.)

August 16th will show further proof that your career is a sky rocket to the candy store of delights, and on August 21st-22nd, Mercury will conjunct Jupiter (always use condoms!), which, not to be vague, means a good day all around.

The 27th is a ~*dazzler day*~ (Susan’s words, I just added the sparkle) which means luck in love, romance (not always the same thing, okay) and money, money, money.

MONAY.

Aries

EVERYONE IS HAVING THE BEST AUGUST EVER AND YOU ARE NO EXCEPTION!!! But for you, sweet pea, it is really about L-O-V-E. That bow-chick-ow-wow. That “Let’s get it onnn — ahhhhhh, baby, let’s get it on.” That Elephant Medley. That “It wasn’t over, it STILL isn’t over.” You know? Thank Mars. It’s essentially funneling pulp-free oysters into your veins like an IV of aphrodisiac juice.

But you have to activate it by socializing. Get out, say yes, be present, don’t say no to parties and invitations just because you’re tired, on a diet or it’s your natural inclination. And travel. Travel, travel, travel! Also, here’s this sentence: “If you do work that brings you in contact with people overseas, or import or export of goods or information, you will be in your element in August and September, happy as a puppy in clover.” <- Have you thanked your Susan Miller today?

I know I said this particular ‘scope of yours was about love, but the 16th is extra romantic. It’s gonna be like a Ricky Martin music video co-starring Jennifer Lopez and the entire late ’90s baby-making music movement. I am sober right now!

The 18th? Also a good day for love. The 22nd? Great day for your career (as is the 27th). It’s also a great day for a medical procedure…where you’ll probably win the lottery and fall in love with your nurse/doctor and/or caretaker. Or all three. Who am I to judge when I spent a season of my own life watching The Bachelorette?

Taurus 

I’m a big breath-holder, you guys. If I ever say, “I won’t hold hold my breath, PAL!,” you should know that I am lying. I will hold it. I hold my breath when someone else on TV has to hold his or hers; on the subway when I get on the empty car, naively, without considering why it’s empty; past graveyards; when I want to inhale something but am not ready yet because everything needs to be perfect first.

But today I exhaled. Susan Miller finally said that August 2016 is our wonder month, and it’s like, dude. Thank you. I have been waiting to blossom.

Blossoming, for Susan, means getting our apartments together, buying electronic items (around the 16th), traveling (also around the 16th so you probably forgot your charger), finding the perfect roommate, zzz, k, I know. It also means that on the 18th our careers will unfurl like the temporarily clamped-shut bouquet of flowers my dad once shipped to my grandma which prompted her to call him to say, “Thanks for the flowers; they’re dead,” and then, a few hours later, “No, they’re not! They’re alive…and huge!”

It may also have something to do with our two Five-Star Days. These are two days that are going to be excellent — not an expensive brand of notebooks. On August 21st and 22nd (I think — this part was very confusing so I blacked out midway through) Mercury will conjoin Jupiter and our love lives will have a party in the sky.

Our creativity will be activated, too, which is something we all know is beneficial when it comes to love (making) (etc.). And oh we’re getting rich! So, my job here is done.

Gemini

Gemini, what the heck were you even worrying about?? This month is all about you. Put your pointer finger up high in the air like an erect peenickel and say it with me: “We’re number one!”

The month’s opener looked like it was a good one for you, what with Uranus twerking on the moon (which always brings on a surprise — but the good kind). And while the time was prime around Tuesday, August 2nd, it’s not too late to ride the good vibes wave through straight-into-work mode. Now you can finally hire that person you’ve been dreaming of in a non-sexual manner, finally get shit done or, at the very least, start planting seeds of effort. One of them is bound to sprout up at some point, right?

Your third house is lit, by the way. Good time to travel. Can you try to go somewhere warm?

Susan doesn’t want you doing any decision-making on the 24th. Maybe that sounds like a nightmare to you and you’re mad because I promised no bad days in these horoscopes — and I still mean it. But behold: don’t go out the 24th, stay in. Susan is mostly worried about you going off and doing something rogue. That’s basically how I always feel around Leandra. (Have you seen our shirt-to-skirt video where she little brothers me, by the way?)

Anyway! Enjoy your horoscope, dudes. And as for those final days of August, be open to love. It’s looking for you. And there is a bell on its little collar.

Cancer

“August will be a peach of a month,” writes Susan Miller in the cutest horoscope sentence ever. “Sweet and juicy with opportunity in almost every corner you look.” Venus was in your workday sector this whole week so hopefully you had any financial talks that were on your to-do list. If not, meh. Things work out! Peach month, peach month, peach month. Your mantra.

Ah, and then look at that: On the 16th Uranus is “signaling” Leo in your house of earned income which means yet another day for the hard money talks and some kind of celestial foreplay, apparently. You’ll get what you want. Everyone will! And then, on the 18th, money’s going to pour out like water from a Brita Filter.

Because September’s going to be crazy, Sus advises that you take your weekends to heart. Shut the cell phone off and do zero errands. Just live your best summer life.

(Sidebar that I told to Team Libra: read your full sign on Astrology Zone for this crazy cautionary tale Susan tells about going to the bathroom without checking that she wasn’t walking to a black abyss first!! But anyway, be careful on August 24th because apparently this could happen to you and I know I said NO BAD NEWS but wouldn’t a broken bone be worse? Friendly heads up.)

Travel the weekend of the 20th (but the 22nd is best day so maybe play hookie — it’s a Monday). Know when else is a good time to travel? The 27th: circle it on your calendar for love, friendship and parties. Then text me. I’m in the mood for an August marg.

Cancer 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY CRAB CAKE!!! I am eating one of you right now! A crab cake, not your sign.

Yes I’ve been drinking a tad. I started around the third horoscope from the bottom (went in a weird order) and then creeped my way up this celestial ladder. It’s more fun for all of us this way, I promise.

Now pinch this off with your damn crab claws why don’t ya.

“This is your month to do exactly as you please,” says Susan DGAF Miller in the intro of your ‘scopes. Is there any better thing for an astrologist to say to you? The planets NEVER let us have free rein of our lives like that!

We’ve got an It’s Complicated With the Moon FB status that has some good stuff and some bad stuff coming with it — bad in the sense that you’re better off singing papers in August if you can, good being that you’re going to be feeling so creative that you’ll figure out a way to change the paper signing date should you need to — AND you’ll feel like crafting!

Venus in Cancer is going to make you sparkly at every party (especially on the 11th — what do you have then?), and Mars, Venus and Scorpio are having some sort of complex non-sexual orgy (sure) that is “making early July a warm, loving, and sexy time.” Susan! She continues. “You will have considerable appeal, and if you are not aware of the effect you are having on others, you may be bewildered by the attention you get. That’s a lovely problem others would like to have!” AMEN.

Bla, bla, bla through the boring stuff, travel the weekend of July 9th/10th (so many signs are told to travel this weekend so that is just f-u-n, and, on an interesting note, you will have the confidence (that you’ve maybe been lacking?) to stand up to someone). Hell yes in your party dress! Focus on your career, shake off the slow-down of Mars in retrograde (it’s over) and let the full moon of the 19th tell its (and your) truth.

Then, honestly, the rest of this month is what we in the biz call a piece of CAKE!

Leo 

OKAY, BIG CATS. Just calm down. I know it’s almost your birthday where Susan Miller plays the role of Rafiki and holds you high over her head, above the kingdom, so that you can see everything the light touches. Until then, Susan wants you to keep things kind of boring. This is called a prep month. It’s where you relax so that you can go hard in August, not to sound like an 18-year-old boy who has just had his second beer or anything.

July is about productivity for you! While everyone else is creeping or sleeping, you will get stuff done. That’s just as much of a luxury as laying on the beach, I can promise you that. Start making your home your priority, too.  Figure out that roommate sitch. Get an air conditioner. Maybe you’ll buy some wallpaper. Maybe get some flooring. Stuff like that. Maybe go to Bed, Bath, & Beyond! I don’t know if you’ll have enough time.

Good god do we have to focus. Let’s talk dates and date-dates, starting with:

On July 6th (TODAY IF YOU ARE READING ON A WEDNESDAY, the summer’s Thursday! A night for lovers!) Mars will text Venus like “hey u up” and Venus will be like, “Was just writing you the same thing!” So what that means for you is that the prospects for love, a new hookup or even a blind date that doesn’t suck will be high.

On the 8th: MONEY! FOR YOU!

It just keeps getting better. On July 10th, the sun is getting glam vibes (not in stores yet, apparently) from Jupiter, which means more money and also, a great time is presented to do annoying stuff like scheduling, signing papers, taking interviews and, what the hell, throwing the best party you ever did see for all the rest of the signs who might be less horoscopally-fortunate than you.

Because then your love life gets better on the 11th and the planet Mars comes to rescue you. Honestly, Leos, if you weren’t such furry menches…

Virgo 

CAN WE JUST TAKE A MOMENT TO GIVE IT UP FOR MY GIRL SUSAN? She slaves over these! They take her so long! Do you know how many words your sign’s ‘scope had, not including the summary? Over 2,000! Over 2,000 words! That is half of a round table for one single sign! So I ask this: Have you thanked your Susan today?

…And have you thanked your lucky stars??? Because Mars’s ass finally just left his “sabbatical” and went direct which means that YOU are going to finally start making all-areas-of-life progress.

If you’re single and looking to jingle the bells of the song of love, now until the 11th are your best days. But remember, best days don’t mean ONLY those days, so if your plans up until the 11th are booked and consist of filing your elbows and plucking out your best friend’s chin hair then honestly, do that! You can always meet someone later. But why not fire up the Bumble in tandem if you’re bored, na mean? And if you want to to be single, be single! Finally, if you’re dating someone, apparently the planetary positioning will make them become your muse. Who knews? Suz. Suz knews.

Do you know what now is also the time for? Joining a club. Volunteering. Starting a new hobby.

On July 8th you are basically the Stephen Curry of creativity and speaking and singing…anything that comes out of you (to keep up the rhyme should we include the word “poo”? Ew. Can’t stop, wahoo!) will be golden. Wow. Missed opp for not throwing “egg” in there after golden, eh?

Always.

Ignore Uranus, save money for an annoying financially-related hiccup and remember: the stars can only take us so far. But only you can prevent forest fires.

 Libra 

Look what Susan wrote. She is so hip!! —> “Everything starts with the new moon, July 4 in Cancer, 13 degrees. You have Venus, Mercury, and the Sun accompanying the new moon, suggesting your career will be popping.” <— !!! 

This just might be your time to get famous, Libra-ci. Hope you like wearing rings on every finger and wearing fancy sunglasses and capes because this is going to be the BIGGEST MONTH OF YOUR CAREER FOR THE YEAR!!!! Whaaaat, do you feel like you’re on Oprah? Yeah you do. I don’t know if you know this but the way I write horoscopes is: get super cracked out and tired and work in weird orders and your sign is hitting jusssst in the middle of my strange streak. Shout out in the comments if you’ve ever noticed this before. Now cool it…

Because we’re HEATIN’ IT BACK UP for your love life on July 6th. AKA today. Have you had a DFMO yet? A stranger’s just a friend you haven’t made out with yet.

The new moon on July 19th’s gonna do some weird shit to your home and family sector. On the one hand, we have the good vibes coming in strong where money’s concerned. Sounds like you’re paying your rent this month! On the other hand, we have Uranus in a tight mathematical square. Why that planet doesn’t take fiber is beyond me but it’s going to affect you in an annoying way: a surprise. Ugh. So just eyes on the prize, be prepared for everything from a buffalo denting your car to a client being like, “Hey remember when I said I needed X from you a week ago?” So.

Let’s end on a good note! Once July 11th hits you’re going to be cruising on a love boat into the Caribbean of your heart.

Scorpio

Susan says that your chart screams travel, which…like, Chart, please use your indoor voice. But also, okay, sounds great.

You seem to be pretty lucky this month in career and in money and in general. In general especially because your horoscope was so long that you’re lucky I’m still breathing to sum it up for you. Got cobwebs in my eyeballs. Oh, speaking of eyeballs, Susan went to the doctor for hers and it was a whole ordeal. The reason she tells you about it in your horoscope is because if you go to one doctor this month and they say you’re cool but you still feel like something is wrong, keep on keepin’ on until you find one who’s like, “Okay, Kathy, the reason you have a headache is because you have a Q-tip lodged in your ear and not, as the WebMD forum said, because you ate too many plums.

Omg I literally have no idea what’s happening.

Let’s just do the calendar run-down, shall we?

On July 6th, Venus and her lover Mars are trying out a new vibrator which usually isn’t exciting to anyone not participating in the buzzing but you’ll love this because what it means, for you, is a highly romantic day.

July 8th is a great day to get the hell out of dodge, even if it’s just a few blocks away.

The weekend of the 9th and 10th? BEST EVER. (You can steal that sentence for one of your Instagram captions, if you need.)

Around the 19th, just make sure you have all your hard drives backed up and don’t bring you phone into the bathroom — technical difficulties are predicted for this day because the planets can’t all be in your favor all the time, could they?

Where would be the fun in that? And honestly, what would be the point of horoscopes?

Sagittarius 

MONEY OVER EVERYTHANG.

That is the theme of your million dollar horoscope this month. We’ve got Neptune doing Kama Sutra with the moon which means cash flow for anyone in the creative arts club. We’ve also got Jupiter in Sag doing headstands which means $$$$$$ for doctors, lawyers, professors or anyone who has a job even remotely related to those jobs (don’t you love how welcoming and broad the world of planets can be), and if you don’t fit into any of those big old boxes, then know Susan basically is like, “Well, just find a way to make money and you will,” so I’m thinking that all the Sagittarii in the house should open up an alcoholic lemonade stand ASAP. If ten-year-olds can overcharge for the sober stuff, you can definitely add on a spirits tax and make bank.

Tiny hiccup: Uranus is being a butthole around the 19th. He’s going to try to cause a little bit of drama by throwing a surprise your way — the kind that doesn’t involve party hats — so be on your toes with your arms spread wide as though you’re one of those people who’s a little too dramatic about their balance on the subway. (Like just hold the railing, dude.) If you’re not surprised for the surprise then you can’t be surprised or caught off-guard. Just the opposite! EN GARDE! You’re a toreador — hear you roar.

I know I just said money over everything but let’s be somewhat couth and extend the discussion past Benjamins, shall we?

Okay, let’s see. You’re gonna be working hard…you should go to the doctor and get your routine checkups out of the way now…if you need bunion surgery, now’s a good time…your relationships will stop being so confusing soon…

Ugh, yeah. That was boring. Should have stuck to the money. Good thing it’s sticking to you!

Capricorn 

The Bachelorette’s JoJo Fletcher is technically a Sagittarius but uh, your sign is sounding an awful lot like the show. July is all about making commitments and, knowing you, there are at least five thick-necked options (in a few areas of your life like love and career and what to eat for dinner) for you decide between — but you seem ready to hand over the final rose to the winner of each category!

Here are some ideas and dates to help you make the final decisions in case you don’t have a Chris Harrison in your life:

On July 6th, throw a party so that you can introduce your steady hookup to your friends and let the outcome determine your DTR.

On July 8th, get the hell outta town to help you clear your head and let the answer about something larger come to you.

On July 19th, the Sun is drunk and sextiling Jupiter which will mean great opportunity for you and honestly, just a Shonda-Rhimes-style “yes.”

You may or may not have heard that we have Uranus being a real dick, surprising you on a day when he knew you were going to be sweaty and cranky and tired and not in the mood for company, but it’s nothing you can’t handle and it’s everything that will make you a better you. Even though you’re already pretty great. It’s July — time to let loose. You could always ignore everything I just wrote and for the sake of summer, celebrate.

Aquarius 

Do what you want with this information but Susan Miller thinks you’re better off sticking out July in the office and taking your vacation time in August. If you’re reading this from the beach like “….oops,” then just ignore this because I can’t even punctuate that sentence so what do I know. If you’re like, “Oh thank god I didn’t book those train tickets,” then now you know why you read these things. Spread the gospel to your friend who thinks horoscopes are a load of hot wet laundry that someone forgot to put into the dryer for 10 days.

The reason she wants you in the office isn’t because she’s a mean boss, of course. It’s because this July your career is on the rise thanks to Mars who, ironically, just came back from a long-ass retrograding vacation but like, seniority rules I guess? IDK. Good luck arguing with planets if you disagree.

Okay so we’ve got heavy highs on the career front — especially July 19th when Susan advises you find a way to work from home so that you can actually get stuff done because what you’re going to produce is gold — and we’ve got heavy weights at the gym. Suzan wants you to focus on your fitness. Are you shouting into your computer, “TELL ME SOMETHING FUN”?

“Once Venus enters Leo on July 12,” writes my girl, “Venus will bring her candlelight glow into your seventh sector of committed love.” It’s especially helpful if you’re already dating someone because this is sort of Susan’s way of telling you to renew your vows like all of the reality TV show stars do when they run out of content. But it’s also helpful if you’re kind of shy. You’ll have more words than usual so you’ll feel encouraged to get up on those dating apps, swipe yes and start convos with something a biiiit more engaging than the emoji girl raising her arm + “Hi.”

Pisces 

“[Y]ou have a little party of four heavenly bodies congregating in your fifth house of true love, fun, leisure, and creativity,” Susan Miller wrote. Normally I’d tell you to go to the doctor for that kind of thing, but she seems confident that it’s going to mean one joyous month ahead for you.

For starters, it’s going to be romantic AF. I’m sorry, “AF” doesn’t quite work in the romantic sense of things, does it? It’s going to be romantic *AML: As Making Love. If you’re single, you won’t be for long. If you’re locked up, that relationship is going to melt into the soft, drippy part of a candle in a Ricky Martin music video and warm your body. (July 6th is THE day.)

For your salad course, it’s going to be very relaxing. The universe apparently knows you’ve been working hard and wants to throw you some galactic PTO.

The soup course today will be an uptick in creativity. Writer’s block banished, you’ll be a flurry of ideas.

You do have a little bit of Pluto opposition happening which could cause some drama (with a friend who may not like the new person you’re dating or something dumb like that), but all good meals have at least a five-minute intermission for heart burn and acid reflux, do they not? The planets will be your Tums here. Let Pluto pass.

Ah, now the main course. It’s an excellent time to travel, to “kick up your heels” (Suz’s words) and possibly do one of those No Regrets Instagram jumping pics, and even with all that hoopla you’re bound to make strides in your career.

As for the dessert? Why! How about a piece of Apple Pi-sces?

Aries 

You know your ruler, Mars? The one who’s been taking a backward and upside down nap like a drunk monkey on a a car going the wrong way? Yeah. Well someone finally brought him a cup of coffee, gave him a cold shower and told him to shape the eff up because he’s up, he’s back and moving forward. This means so many good things for you, mostly including the fact that your life won’t feel like it’s being sucked down a foreign toilet. It’s bursting up toward the sky instead like a bidet!

You’re going to make progress in terms of:

Relationships (familial, professional, roommatial)
Creative design
Money
Career
Woo!

On July 8th, Jupiter and Mercury will be in a special kind of alignment called a SEXTILE. A SEXTILE means opportunity, but you have to plant the seeds and then encourage them to grow. Maybe start with a, “Hey, you up?” The SEXTILE will keep up and quicken the momentum.

On July 16th Suzy fears mixed messages. This is a potent weekend, and it might be easy to overestimate your powers, so by all means, “feel strong but within realistic bounds.” AKA, remember that you cannot fly, nor are you very good at climbing roofs in general. Keep your fun on the ground. And wear a helmet! But as for that heart armor, take it off. Around July 11th you’re going to start being a love magnet, and the pull will only grow stronger as you get deeper into July/early August. Hubba hell yeah.

Taurus 

Guys have we been super whiny? Because Suz opened our ‘scope up with a soothing note that “life is improving every day,” and if the fact that those white jeans you thought you ruined came out of the wash with nary a SNEEZE on them doesn’t give merit to her statement, then maybe you need some planetary facts: Venus, our ruling planet, is getting all cozy on Jupiter, Kel Mitchell’s favorite planet (and the one of good fortune).

Their holy union links up love and travel, which means I hope you’ve been working on your fake doctor’s signature. You’re gonna start getting a lotttt of chronic migraines that you need to attend to…on Fridays, strangely. And Mondays, too. (That’s enough time to do quick popover to Capri or at least Bermuda, no?) It’s important you get away — even if it’s an hour outside of your routine — because that’s where you’ll find new love (!!!) and recharge love that exists.

We have Uranus mooning the planets in Cancer to look forward to, which essentially means that as the planet of surprise pulls down its pants to flash its peach emoji at some sort of juvenile prank, every sign will be met with a shock. Not sure what kind. But I really like what Susan said about Uranus in general:

“I feel that the cosmos has a plan for us and interjects Uranus’ unpredictability so that we will learn to become resourceful, flexible, agile, and creative when we meet up with obstacles we don’t expect. When Uranus is well aspected, we get unexpected help.”

Um, apparently that “help” bit won’t happen for the first half of this month — we’ll actually have to troubleshoot, but per Suz, the little engine that could, “the point is that you can.”

Gemini

TAKE COVER!!!! There’s a whole lotta money about to rain down on your head. Want a raise? Ask for it. Thinking about taking up literal gold-digging a la California in 1849? Now’s the sweet spot you’ve been waiting for! You’ve got the sun, Venus, Mercury and the moon filling up your house of earned income and it’s the only time, ever, that you’ll be glad to watch something overflow.

If you have to give a speech and are somehow able to control the dates, the 8th is your stage. Just full on charisma blasting out of your pores and vocal chords. You’re like Obama. In fact, you might impress someone with your speaking abilities (clients, boss, wedding audience or otherwise) so much so that they ask to live with you (I don’t know, needed a segue) because the following days, July 9th and 10th, are ripe for that good real estate/need-a-new-roommate jive.

Looking for love? –> July 11th ALL THE WAY until August 4th. Bat your eyelashes at the damn world.

There’s a full moon on July 19th that’s gonna make you feel like a powerful/natural/dangerous woman (Pluto’s seeing to that), and for this round of Favorite Things Susan Miller Has Ever Said, your sign’s ‘scope wins with: “The only fly in the oatmeal will be Uranus.” They call that “butt porridge” in the old country.

But eye roll-whatever re: Planet of Butts, because like I just told Team Taurus, Susan Miller say there’s a purpose for Uranus’s surprise shit storms, and that purpose is that they make us stronger trouble-shooters. Seriously. There’s something satisfying about googling it yourself.

Gemini

Happy birthday and how glad are you that “twinning” is no longer a thing?! Sorry if I just made it one again but just because it’s your womb-exit month doesn’t mean you get to have your cake and eat it, too…or DOES IT?

Who am I kidding? In the words of Oh, Suzanna Miller, this month is made for you.

But first, the annoying news: per the above, Saturn is being a butt itch minus the “utt,” and it’s going to make the first few days of June kind of miz. “Saturn is reminding you of the seriousness of the actions you are taking now,” said Susan. Sounds like something a mother who speaks in the third person when she’s angry would say to her kid having a tantrum at the supermarket. You may feel super down — weighed down either by a total meanie or an empty wallet (why are those so heavy), but as your dad likely says when you complain about an air bubble in your stomach, this too shall pass.

So let’s cheer up and talk about the good stuff. If you can wait until the 26th, you’ll start feeling rich again. Financially. Love-wise it’s going to happen a lot sooner. You’ve got Venus the planet not the razor on your side until the 17th, but Thriller’s favorite day for love (and friendship and luck) is Margarita Monday the 13th. Uranus, the planet of surprise, will be angled to the sun in such a way that it sparkles like Edward Cullen’s ass. Girl, what gas?

Cancer

Look, it is not your birthday but it is very much your time of year as far as eating zodiac signs are concerned, and since you’re not like a regular crab, you’re a celestial crab, I’m sure you’ll have no qualms about eating your kind with some Old Bay seasoning or celery and mayo. Unless you’re allergic.

Anywho! Beginning of June’s gonna suck; suck it up. The middle of June went largely unmentioned in your Astrology Zone ‘scope so we can assume that no news is good Suz. A lot of the horoscope report focuses on how great/cool/awesome your July and August are going to be (yeah, obviously, because that’s when your boss goes on vacation and the water starts being warm enough to get in it without dying and you’ve hit that summer stride where you’re like CARBS R LYFE DON’T TELL ME WHAT TO DO.

Can you guys ever tell that sometimes I write your horoscopes whilst feeling the burgeoning whispers of a hunger pang?

IF you can hang on until the end of June, and you can because that’s why rosé and Bachelorette roses were invented, then by the 17th you’ll start to feel the burgeoning whispers of something, too. Love. Other good things happening end-of-June: the 25th and 26th are great dates to spend money on shoes ($ale-mnly wear) and they’ll be good for actual dates (also swear) AND, apparently, something you planted back in November and March of last year is finally starting to grow. A beard?!?!?!

Who knows!

Leo

You are a perfect horoscope the end, bye.

lion-gif-animation-15Zoom
Just kidding, cat-dog — Susan was super balanced with your sign for once. You, like allll the rest of us, are going to have a weird Kickstarter to June (you may be annoyed with friends; work may bog you down), but also like the rest of us, it’s going to get funded just in the nick of time. In fact, after the first full week passes things will start looking up.

Those friends who were bugging you? Not gonna be a problem come week number two. By the 20th, you’ll be a full-on party animal. You’re gonna wanna travel, and you’re definitely gonna wanna dance.

We’ve got a full moon on the 20th that’s going to encourage the zit of some major decision you’ve been squeezing to finally pop. High chance it revolves around a romantic relationship (nothing says love like a pimple metaphor, right?). Also high chance it revolves around children. Open that one all the way up for interpretation as you, your womb and your creativity see fit.

Want to know the last three words of your ‘scope that Susan wrote as it pertains to June 26th and 27th? “[B]ig money. Wonderful!” Wonderful, indeed. But don’t thank me. Thank the planets Pluto and Jupiter.

See? Rain isn’t so bad after all, is it kitten? At least not when it’s green and smells like money.

Virgo

We’ve got a real Eeyore start to the month thanks to a soggy Saturn opposing the damn sun. Planets love the drama but you don’t, so let’s fast-forward as though you’re only watching Southern Charm for the architecture and commercials.

The new moon in Gemini is doing something super nice! It’s “emphasizing how much you mean to everyone.” I mean, AW!! It also might get a little bit annoying if someone’s codependent, but that codependency in the work place on behalf of your boss who can’t live without you will finally lead to something good, great and grand. It’s going to make life busy though. You’re going to be workin’ a lot. (For the weekend!) Susan thinks it might help if you get an assistant?

“But what would I even do with an assistant,” you might wonder. Here are some things Susan would do: “All kinds of things, like prepare FedEx boxes, clean my press list, organize files, and so forth.” Could you love her more? I could not.

Despite your heavy work load, the end of the month is gonna be v. romantic. V for Virgo. We’ve got Jupiter and Pluto playing camp counselors, hooking up in the cabin of your heart and making it prime time for you to find love, lust, inspiration and possibly babies (so if you don’t want one, wrap it up, unless this means metaphorical baby, like a project). What days are the best? The 25th, 26th and 27th, my man. Second the cal strikes six-two-five, I will meet you down by the docks, 11 AM prompt, in my flip flops.

Libra

You’ve got a “Grand Mutable Cross” this month which sounds like something out of Game of Thrones and in its shortest description it means the planets are squaring off so that if you took a pen you could trace an actual cross (and it would look like 90s-gothic-jewelry as opposed to Bree Van de Kamp’s Marcia Cross. What it actually means is that the planets are cranky and the beginning of June kinda sucks.

Oh but so what. You’ve also got “three magical heavenly bodies stacking up in your ninth house” and Susan Miller telling you to go travel — get outta here! Go explore. Sounds an awful lot to me like two parents want the home to themselves so that they can bow-chicka-ow-ow, but is that so bad? That’s how you were made, after all, and besides, traveling means you get to see the world through a whole new lens.

Just get to the airport superfuckingearly, by the way, because this Marcia Cross thing — in all her red-haired splendor — still has the power to mess with your connecting flights and what have you.

When Susan wasn’t talking about travel for your sign, she was on that home renovation kick. Redecorate your apartment and tear up the floor boards because you, baby bird, are nesting. Another funny thing she kept saying is that your third house (especially on the 20th) will be lit. She’s so hip! I’m gonna copy her and say it later down below in Aries’ sign if you want to scroll and see. (You should even for the musical TBT.)

Oh, and oops! Sorry I didn’t tell you this. If you’re looking for love like our girl JoJo and our boy Wells, look no further than June 11th and 12th.  Got a wedding those dates? Perfect.

Scorpio

Hello you teeny, tiny, terrifying lobster bug! Sounds like 2016 has been a real doozy for you, so no wonder you keep pinching the shit out of tourists who get too close. Well guess what? You’re almost halfway through and it’s getting better bit by bit. “If you’re going through hell,” either Winston Churchill, Marilyn Monroe or DJ Khaled said, “Keep going.” Beginning of the month is an eye-roll fest for all of us, but perhaps your sign will be able to weather its storm a bit better thanks to the practice. No one likes shit thrown at them through a fan but Kelly Clarkson never peaked so hard as she did when she sang, “What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger.”

Oh whoa sorry are you still reading? Horoscope focus: I scrolled down your sign’s longgg-ass ‘scope and came across the June 20th date whereby you will get a !whole!lot!of!money! Stopped my skim dead in its tracks.

Practice negotiating all month because we’re dealing with a Grand Mutable Cross (used up all my GMC jokes in Libra’s ‘scope so if you’re extra bored, scroll up.) This could help you in big, important decisions whether they be money or work or waxing-related. You’ve got Monday, June 13th as a great day for home improvement — translation: tell work the plumber’s coming by so you have to stay home and and “deal with him” all day, but instead play drunk hookie.

The final days of June are going to be great for you. Susan and I can feel it. Especially the 26th. Just keep marching on with your sandy baby feet, bask in the glow of the gold old sun and thank your lucky stars that come July 1, something perfect is bound to happen. But you know, in the meantime, stay mindful.

Sagittarius


Without a doubt, one of the greatest late ’70s rock ballads ever sung was “Cold as Ice” by Foreigner. Its lyrics begin post-piano intro,”You’re as cold as ice, you’re willing to sacrifice our love.” Then comes the threat: “Someday you’ll pay the price.” For the first half of June, the Sun — who is not getting along with Saturn — has this song on repeat like a true burn victim of a former dalliance and it is fucking your early month up. You’re likely to get into some sort of something with your partner (both in business or bedroom) that will cause potentially crashed vases on the floor in soap opera-level anger or general argument-arm-swinging-clumsiness if you’re not Jessa and Adam BUT!!! This feeling of incompatibility and frustration won’t last very long. Me and Suz just wanted to give you a heads up 7up about it.

Pretend I didn’t even say that! Because you’ll be fine. The way you will get through everything this month, Marcia Cross and all (scroll up to Libra or ignore that part entirely), is by being a good listener and other-side-see-er for the sake of diplomatic negotiations. NOW WAKE UP! THIS IS SUCH A BORING HOROSCOPE PRACTICAL NEWS SUCKS LET’S MAKE IT FUN!

The full moon of June 20th with be in ~*elegant angle*~ to Uranus (butt stuff!) which will encourage surprise agreements (DOES NOT PAIR WITH BUTT STUFF) and creativity (butt stuff!).

*Because this is a horoscope, “butt stuff” could be a metaphor for literally anything so use your imagination.

The end of the month will only get better thanks to Jupiter and Pluto making you richer than Lionel and luckier than a leprechaun. Need to know about something good in between this what-the-fuck sandwich? The 11th will be a great date to make out with your mate. Reader’s choice!

Capricorn

Hello and welcome, celestial sign with the best built-in-hat! Annoying news first, then we fiesta and/or siesta depending on your afterwork plans: the beginning of the month is a little rough, you’ll likely receive some information that will make you want to pull a molar out of your own mouth, and the new moon of the 4th is basically set up to cause confusion surrounding a work assignment or probably a long distance phone call so! 1) Be patient 2) ask questions 3) fact check and 4) wear sunscreen.

Good stuff will start rolling in around the 13th — a good day for money for you — and it all gets steadier by the 20th when whatever major area of self-improvement you’ve been working on will really start to shine through. Excuse me, ma’am, are those abs your forehead? YOU LOOK GREAT.

Susan Miller talked about therapy quite a bit in your ‘scope, so she’s either channeling 90’s neuroses (remember when “my therapist says” was so trendy?) or she’s hinting at general good mental health because who couldn’t use a lean back in the old leather chair, you know?

We’ve got Venus being a fun friend around the 17th and she will make your social life glow (what a great wing woman that planet is), and come the end of the Yoon — that’s June pronounced in a more creative way! — your career and your love life will be dancing to the tune of a song that doesn’t drive you insane at the gym. Most romantic day? The 27th. Play hooky, grab a sleeping bag, grab a date and do some tossing and turning under the stars. (Have fun be safe!)

Aquarius

Lucky you because everyone’s horoscopes were extra long and kind of zzz for a should-be-party-month like June, Susan opened yours up with a mercifully brief summary: “You have Mars lighting your solar tenth house of prestigious professional honors, awards, and achievement in June and July. Of those two months, July will be your more important month for these matters, for Mars will continue to retrograde in June. Keep this in information in mind as the coming two months unfold.”

Ok? So keep that shit in mind while I quickly tell you that the beginning of June is beyond rude and will probably make you say stuff like, “What the hell, June? I thought you were my friend! I thought summer was supposed to be easy!” (The shit-storm possibilities are endless here so apply that to whatever it means for you.) The 4th will be especially ugh thanks to the new moon but the 4th is a Saturday so see if you can sleep through most of it. If you can’t then I find a frosty glass of rosé and denial always makes matters right.

Now let’s focus on matters that are right!

June 11, 12 and 13 (sounds like a three-day freakend to me) are the ideal days to get the hell out of dodge and party by a sandcastle. The full moon of June 20th will be “colored by surprises and an event that bubbles over with sparkling conversation,” which sounds like a rash so careful what you do that June 11-13 prior to make this prediction mean the good kind of bubbling over! The 26th is gonna rule, and you’ll come into some cash on the 27th, but I have to end your ‘scope on a note about the benefits of using lube whilst making love: Venus is gliding through Gemini June 1st through the 13th and girl, it is giving you that glow.

Pisces

TGIF more than usual because it sounds like someone may have criticized you at work this week and/or in the beginning of June depending on when you read this. That stinks, and they don’t understand it’s because you’re trying to balance the un-balance-able one-legged stand between work-life, home-life (are you renovating?) and life-life. STRIFE!

You’re fine. The whole begining of the month kind of blows for everyone. Just suck it up and keep on walking. Remember our skin your knees talk? Now’s a good time to apply that because we’ll be out of the celestial sailor’s knot before we know it. Just maybe don’t launch an app until the 29th.

Speaking of the 29th, your finances are starting to look good here. Have they been working out? Wearing a new pair of jeans? Maybe. Good for them, great for you.

Mars, even though it’s still retrograding and causing some issues, is in Scorpio for June and July which makes for a great travel-and-chill situation for you. Susan Miller suggests Italy. I suggest anywhere you can bring me, too. You deserve some PTO because on June 20th, that career of yours is going next level. By June 25th and 26th you’re going to be so successful and happy you’ll be like, “What the hell was I even worried about when I began reading my June Repell-O-Scope?”

And if you’re looking for a summer love, Venus is in Cancer from June 17th to July 12th. If that’s not an excuse to go out and buy a new swimsuit and a pair of espadrilles then honestly, I don’t know what is.

Aries

Do you know what song always gets stuck in my head? The Little Einsteins’ “Theme Song Remix,” also known as the most lit children’s show intro since Lamb Chop’s Play-Along’s “The Song That Doesn’t End.” Here’s a 10-hour-version of it in case you’d like to take a listen and then write a dissertation.


THE POINT OF THIS SONG IS THAT YOU, MY FRIEND, ARE GOING ON A TRIP! In a rocket ship or not! The planets are aligned for your sign’s prime vacation time — just be wary of Neptune’s tricks and hang on to your passport, don’t mix Ambien with alcohol and check twice that you’re on the right train. That kind of thing. Otherwise should be a grand old time even considering that the first half of June kind of sucks!

So tell it to suck it! Since we’re at the bottom the horoscope bucket here I’m sick of talking about the June gloom and doom, but it’s really not that bad. Grin-and-bear any miscommunications or potentially hurt feelings (I know, 🙁 ) and we’ll be in the good part of the month before we know it.

Your career’s going to really swing back into gear on the 29th. Enjoy the slow season until then? The 26th still looks like it’s ripe for the picking of a career achievement apple and the 27th, even though it’s a work-day, will be more like a twerk day what with the sparkling signs of a budding romance. Speaking of love, now until the 17th is really good time to fall in it. But per the above: you gotta travel to do so. C-ya!

Taurus

I don’t want to say I saved the best for last but…hey fellow Bulls! How are your nose rings, how is your red-rage going, how was your birthday and did you get anything good?

Susan said something strange at the beginning of our ‘scopes that I feel important to point out before we get weird: someone may come to us for help in the beginning of this month, and because we’re not monsters (just misunderstood!) we should try to help them. Whoever it may be! Just make sure that it’s not like a, loan someone 65 billion dollars for their drug ring kind of thing. IDK how to fact check that, really.

I also don’t know why you would have read through all 11 of the other sign’s horoscopes, but the beginning of this month is a bit of a doozy in terms of what it feels like to celestially stub your toe and hit your shin on coffee table corners. We will curse and complain and make it awkward for anyone watching us in the library (you hang there in June, right?) but as with all our curmudgeon-y complainables, the situations are going to pass, the feelings will dissipate and we’ll get over it.

MONEY! At first it’s going to feel tight and top of mind, and then it’s going to come pouring in. Somebody hand me my umbrella, though. I just got my hair done. June 13th and 14th are glorious career days (Susan word alert!!!) and on the 29th the planets are going to spin us back into competitive gear. We’ve been a little sleepy, no? Just me? Leandra had to wake me up while I was in the middle of my own sentence last week like those babies-napping-mid-cereal viral videos.

As for love, well, what’s not to love? From June 17th to July 11th, it will be like we literally cannot stop attracting our version of Anderson Cooper. It’s gonna be so good. Can’t you kind of already feel it?

Taurus 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY TAURUS!!! How much fun is your Facebook wall this month? And how annoying but also exciting is it that you have a million text messages pinging balloon emojis to your phone? …You don’t? You may be in airplane mode. Switch it off then check again because Venus, Mercury, the Sun and new moon are all in a group chat blowing your sign up!

Venus is going to guarantee that any haircut you get or clothes you buy will not only look great on you, but have the power to transform your overall aura. Mercury is going retrograde until the 22nd but there’s always one slow friend who gets the plans wrong, right? Besides, because Mercury and almost every other planet is napping, you get to play life deejay in the driver seat. Let them miss the McDonald’s drive-thru! One birthday soft serve in a cone to pair with your fries for you. Roll your eyes but tell me that combo isn’t nostalgic, artery-clogging heaven. At least we don’t smoke! We are smokin‘, however: We’ve the got the sun heating up our house of true love and with Jupiter handling luck, the moon keeping us cool (in every direction: work, social life, creativity), life is like your aunt from Maine’s shirt says it is: good.

Romantic life is good, too, which I don’t just say out of bullshit (Taurus joke) or because I love all of you — Suz just kept saying it over and over and over. AND WHAT SHE SAYS GOES! Everyone likes a make-out on their birthday. Isn’t that what great party shoes are for? Post a pic of your crush in the comments so I can drop hints for you. It’s the least I can do considering that all I got you for your birthday is this horoscope and a half-eaten waffle cone.

Gemini

“There are many good things bubbling up for you in May,” says Miller Time in your ‘scope intro. “Bubbling up” may trigger the deep fears of a hypochondriac, especially if you just had a weird weekend, but not in Susan speak! Why, this cauldron is simply overflowing with goodness.

A secret is going to occur today (if you’re reading on May 6th) and apparently you guys have a hard time keeping secrets a secret, but mums the word. Or at least if you tell your best friend, make her swear not to say anything. People get mad about spoilers and besides, you wouldn’t want to be the asshole who ruins the surprise right?

What surprise? Surprise PARTY! Of the social and FINANCIAL KIND! She basically makes it sound like money is just going to show up in your account. Good news since you’re going to be out on the dang town. She also says you might be feeling more psychic than usual, which is a totally normal thing to tell your boss when she asks why you need to take off on the Friday before Memorial Day Weekend (you predict a headache coming on). Prior to that, May 10th is going to be a strong day for romance. Susan uses the words “bubble up” again, so to confirm, while health books may have told you that’s a sign you should get something checked, when it comes to planets (with no mention of Uranus, of course!) it’s good.

Cancer 

Well rest easy, Easy-C, Susan promises that “[n]othing of enormous importance will happen in May because five out of eight planets will be in retrograde.” (Uh, except for the fact that Dwayne Douglas Johnson was born this month? And that he just released a motiviational app called the Rock Clock that prohibits you from snoozing?) It’s annoying to be told that nothing important will happen if you’re feeling pre-summer stagnant, but use this information as a source of comfort because at least you have time to get your life organized if you forgot to do so in April while not feeling like you’re missing out on anything.

Oops — you actually could miss out on love or at least a really good time if you stay home, however. Get out and meet people on May 6th, 9th and 10th. The 9th’s a Monday and the 10th’s a Tuesday so hit that grocery store like you never have before and call it a two-for-one deal: errands and the spark of a friendship by that convenient salad bar. No one has a meet-cute by string beans anymore thanks to dating apps — change that!

Does Susan mention your finances? No. Does she bring up your career? Not really — that was your April steeze. Which is why, honestly, I just have to leave you with this quote that may be her best yet: “Dear Cancer, this is your month to kick back and have fun. You won’t lose any competitive advantages by swinging your hips to the music of steel drums while you sip a drink that comes with a tiny umbrella in it.” I hate steel drums, but besides that, amen.

Leo 

How much did you enjoy that gold lion Snapchat filter on Snapchat this week? So much, I bet. Who didn’t?

Speaking of enjoying things: Everyone likes a Friday that’s also a payday and today, my day friends, just might be your day. (We’re talking about May 6th by the way so if you read this in retrospect, think long and hard then ask yourself: “That happened, right?” Please tell me in the comments if the predictions came true.) I know you think Mercury in retrograde’s all shit storms and zero rainbows, but when paired with the new moon, Venus, the sun and Jupiter, their magic blends together like a Spice Girls Reunion Tour smoothie, which is being whipped up as I type this to pour you a thick, cold glass of career success and money. I know, that’s my favorite protein drink! (Just don’t quit a job or sign papers for a new one until Mercury’s back from his annoying vacation.)

May 10th is another day when you may swap a chewable breakfast with this blended bread.

Good thing you’re making money, because starting around May 21st, you’re about to become highly fertile. If you don’t want a baby, wrap it up, kids. If you do want a baby, have at it. If you’d much prefer we talk about metaphorical babies, like work projects or school applications or a new pair of shoes you’ve been wanting, then we can do that, too. Pretend I said what you wanted to be talking about instead of what I was talking about at first and boom, there you have it: the truth as we see it.

P.S. Did any Leos who read their full Susan Miller horoscope this month think it was INSANELY LONG?

Virgo 

Oh my god, Virgos, your sign gets the best gift of all: the promise of cancelled plans! You should embrace them and roll around in that sweet, sweet luxury of unscheduled free time. Doesn’t mean you have to spend it alone, but when is the last time you had nothing to do so you took a stroll and made impromptu plans with a friend a la “I’m by your apartment, want to meet?” You’ll also want to remember this social freedom because come June, you’ll be hyper-focused on your growing career.

Now!

Consider taking a trip this weekend — you’re being so spontaneous! — and yes, you can travel when Mercury is in retrograde. Of course, it’s still highly likely that a train is delayed or your flight gate gets moved because that is life, not planets, so just build in a buffer time to account for Mercury’s law and pack a pair of underwear in your carry-on. Susan Miller once left her reading glasses on the plane which was a pain so always double check your seat before you leave it, too. Where you will be delayed is in your apparently never-ending quest for perfectionism. Mars is still in retrograde, too (IDK it’s like this is the planetary equivalent of an early summer vacation or something) and it will make you feel less productive.

You have a high chance of being successful in love, though. May 10th is your day to mingle. And remember: if you tingle while you mingle, be a sweetie and wipe the seatie.

Libra 

UGH halfway through these horoscopes and Uranus hasn’t done a thing. Sigh. At least May 6th’s “peach of a new moon” is set to light your house of other people’s money in 2016, which does sort of sound like you’re just scheduled to burn through more data on your family plan, guaranteed to piss off your dad, but actually what it means is that other people will finally pay you! Maybe you’ll get a raise or be Venmo’d back all that money you’re owed. You’ve got Jupiter on your side helping with any negotiation that may come up, too. Smells like a raise and in fact, I think I can see it from here.

Feeling WASPy and sick of all the money talk? Great. By May 21st, the great outdoors will be calling you like an old Nick Jr. ad to go outside and play.

Mars is still in retrograde (I know, we just complained about it in Virgo’s sign if you want to call a Virgo you know and commiserate), but it’s not the only one to roll your eyes at. Five out of the eight planets will retrograde this month which, to me, tells me that everyone should just relax, take a step back and enjoy the ride because we basically can’t get anything fucking done so why bother and instead, let’s just have fun! You finished your thesis by now, anyway, right? (Seriously: do wait until next month to sign anything important, if you can.)

And if you’re like, excuse me, everyone is getting theirs and I would like to get mine, too, believe me when I say this: just wait for June.

Scorpio 

OOoooooOoooooo Scorpio, your horoscopio started out all about love. May 10th is going to be a “dazzling” day for your relationship, per Suz. May 3rd was supposed to have been one, too, so let me know how that went down below.

This weekend would be a great time to get away, just the two-or-more-if-you’re-polyamorous-of-you, which may sound like a nightmare because Thriller told me at top of your ‘scope that Scorpios like alone time — and I get that! I prefer hanging out by myself more than anything, but isn’t it sometimes nice to have a companion with whom you can complain about the same things while wearing sweatpants? Still, this go around will be nice. And it will be more geared toward those who are already in a relationship, so if you’re single and legit trying to not mingle, then you’re in the clear.

Although by all means, fee free to take a romantic weekend with a friend and treat yourselves with bathrobes and tacky drinks that stick umbrellas in the whipped cream next to a pineapple. Besides, it’s not like you have to marry one another. (In fact, right now, with all the planets acting a retrograde fool, maybe don’t.)

So, what else?

May 9th looks like a good day for makin’ that dollar, the full blown full moon illuminating your bank account on the 21st won’t scare you, and in fact, it’s likely to help you. Cha-ching!

Sagittarius

Listen, Sag, if you’ve been feeling stuck in a rut and sucked backwards while making about zero progress on anything that you’ve been chipping away at with a sharp Tostito, do not worry! This is because basically every planet ever is in retrograde and at first I thought that was fun (cool! a trend!) but by now you and me both are just annoyed — and I’m not a Sagittarius. Although I do envy your sign’s equine aesthetic.

The point is that if you feel like you haven’t been moving forward, that’s normal. We do still have to get through the annoying retrograde of Mercury (it’s back in action the 22nd) then hopefully, by June, we can all stop saying the word. Since we’re still in it and you can’t fight the planets, of course, try embracing their moonwalk and look back at it with them. Have drinks with old colleagues and revisit your freshman year college Facebook album or something. Good will come of the nostalgia.

Vague!!

I’m nothing if not a half-asleep woman of mystery. AND YOU, half horse, are shrouded in it. Here are some things to do this month.

1) Focus on your health, especially Friday May 6th (ew, ok, maybe start Monday). Get your gym plan revved up or finally see a dentist about your snaggle tooth. Good results all around.

2) Embrace work, roll around in new assignments you actually wanted and stare lovingly at your newly hard-earned money like it’s the best big spoon in the entire world.

3) Be in love. The end of the month is made for it according to number one love bug, Suz.

Capricorn

The don’ts for you first, horned friends: don’t sign papers, which means you may have to run away from your lawyers if they spot you at the supermarket. Don’t buy electronics, so leave your phone in the other room when you go to pee. Don’t try to start an empire right now. Wait until late June or even July. Don’t worry about all the retrogrades, because they’re not really that bad they’re just kind of annoying, like that girl who you didn’t want to invite to laser tag but your mom made you and she slowed the group down but then ended up being fine and kind of making friends with everyone, you know? These retrogrades just make us feel slow.

Slow and reflective — like a fun new Snapchat update on your old phone. See? Metaphors — helping us deal with shit since 1988 B.C.

If you’re single and don’t want to be, May 6th is your day, which is like, a revelation in the world of horoscopes because planets and Susan don’t seem to care about your standard work week. May 6th is a Friday, not a Tuesday like she told my sign to go out on, which means it’s a day you can actually get out there and put your social pants on! Also, Thursday night is technically Friday anyway (right?) and everyone knows that Thursday nights have more fun. Thursdays are the new blond! (It’s also a good night to get pregnant, which, remember, can also mean the birth of a brilliant idea if babies terrify you!)

May 10th is highly romantic, too. By May 20th your focus will be turning back to work, so embrace this sticky time right now to get out and do the samba.  You didn’t buy that new shirt for no reason, right? (If you didn’t buy it, do.) Put it on. Hit a dance floor. Call me.

Aquarius

I love a Martha Stewart month, and that is what you’re getting, Aquarius! A whole month wrapped in parchment and tied up with twine. How divine! Want a fast throwback for the sake of continuing the rhyme? Ok, remember the best Brandy and Monica song ever? “The Boy is Mine.”


Leaving that there for everyone to enjoy, now let’s carry on with your sign!

You’ve got the planets on your side helping you with the true art of interior decorating (which is so much harder than putting together an outfit), organizing (have you done your closet yet?), visiting Bed, Bath & Beyond (the best store), The Container store (another great store), Buy, Buy, Baby (a pun-y store where you might also meet the human of your dreams) and finding a new roommate. It’s also, per Susan Thriller, a good time to break down that wall in your living room that blocks all the light, and feel free to read that as the metaphor, which it definitely has to be, whether intentional when written or not. Sneaky Suz!

How are you going to afford all of this? Whole ton of cash comin 2 u on May 9th. On the 10th, a “sparkling gift.” Which could also be a party you throw yourself. Maybe charge at the door for entry? IDK. Throwing a party when you’re mid-decorating seems counterintuitive because what if someone breaks your fertility vase of the Ndebele tribe, but also, life is a series of risks and Pinterest says we should take them.

(The rest of the month is legit just a good time for fun and as for love, it’s coming — prep your bed/heart now for June.)

Pisces 

Okay so Pisces, you’ll actually be quite busy this month where it seems like a lot of the other signs are kicking ass into high gear come June. (Does anyone kick ass into high gear come June? I mostly put my away message on the moment Memorial Day starts and then draw eyeballs on my lids so that I can nap during the day in August with no one noticing. Leandra loves this about me.) But whatever, this is your productive time, probably because no one else is bothering you, so embrace it, get shit done, and reap the rewards of your success.

Susan asks you the following questions and I am but a messenger:

Are you getting married soon? She sees mailings in your future and says it’s a “superb year to get engaged or wed.”

Are you creating something for a client or working on your app? Like for your phone, not apps for a dinner party?

Are you finishing up writing something really important to you?

Or — and this is verbatim — she asks, “are you creating an entirely new make-believe language for Game of Thrones? (There are people who do that – maybe it’s you!)” DO YOU LOVE HER LIKE I DO? Why is she even asking you??

Because the new moon is opening a new life path and these projects will prove to be very important in the future for you! May 10th may be the day you start hearing about the reward-reaping of the above projects or it may be about money coming in from past stuff. Or it may be one of those magical days where you’re in the right place at the right time (for love and other non-drugs). As for that career of yours again, the 21st is a “wow day.” I love wow days. Tell me in the comments how it goes — promise I’ll check back on the 22nd.

Aries 

Uh oh, Sheryl Sandberg! If you’re reading this on Friday the 6th then today is the day to ask for a raise! Although, if you’re the real Sheryl Sandberg reading this and not just a woman under the umbrella of Leaning In, then you’re in the wrong sign. You’re a Leo Cusp, Sherly Sandberg. Scroll up.

Or don’t! Maybe you like to know what’s going on with other signs for a competitive edge! Speaking of which, Mars in retrograde doesn’t help the competitive edge much, Aries, but that’s okay. Since when do you care about the competition — you’re your own best competition. Is this a horoscope or a motivational podcast right now? Honestly, sometimes I  just do not know.

Because of all these retrogrades, things have felt sticky, but by the 9th, with Jupiter finally cooling it on acting a fool, you’ll feel some relief. Per the Suz, “Part of your life is about to get news of a positive change or breakthrough.”

You might have fallen in love on the 3rd already. That was a Tuesday. Did you? Maybe with yourself??

Just like Ohio is for lovers, the 21st is for traveling. We’ve got a full moon this day which promises fresh starts, hot tamales and good things. And if you missed the love boat on the 3rd, that’s fine, I heard the head broke onboard (that’s nautical speak for “the boat’s bathroom wouldn’t flush”) which means you are better off waiting anyway until the 24th when you’ve got Venus snooping in Gemini’s medicine cabinet on your behalf, and when she reports back, oh don’t you know it — it’s all good Suz.

Aries

Hey birthdaries! Hope your month of horoscope favoritism is already going swimmingly because THIS APRIL! RULES! FOR! YOU!

If you have anything you want to get done, do it before the 17th. Mars is going retrograde (eye roll) after that which means that productivity post-April 18th will be about as high as yours at 3 PM on a summer Friday. Whatever, though, who needs to get stuff done when you’re having fun?

If we’re sticking with metaphors, the new moon this month is like that musician you dated with all the tattoos. According to Suz: “It’s creative, a little wild and unpredictable.” Never you forget that she’s the cool aunt, as she follows up with, “we need surprise in our lives.” So go forth and fling — specifically, in the career sector. This moon is the time for entrepreneurial ventures. Start that app.

Speaking of flings and surprises, Uranus and the Sun are co-mingling and doing great things for your love life. On Saturday, April 9th, you could meet the one. Already partnered up in the horizontal dab? Uranus guarantees a twist you didn’t see coming. Make sure you stretch!

Taurus

How apropos that it’s Get Your Shit Together Month on Man Repeller, because Susan Miller wants us to do that exact thing. According to her, this April is prime time to hit pause on all the mishigas and reflect on next steps. What do we want to accomplish by next year? What jobs do we want? How much money do we want to save? What phantom limbs do we finally need to cut off in order to move forward? With Saturn the planet not the defunct car company in our sign and on our side, any decisions we make this month will last. And if we wait to make them in May, it may be(e) too late. Not to freak you out.

Now that we have our anxiety on high alert, let’s talk about love! On April 12th, Venus is getting a warm, sexy vibration from Mars — but she’s not the only one having all the fun. This buzz gets you off, too (I am so sorry these sentences just write themselves, it’s them, not me) by way of a solid right swipe or a blind date. Another good day? Whether you’re single and looking or coupled up and cooking, the 22nd is a funion. And you may get engaged on the 21st. Wow! Smells like planets are the new pheromones in town.

Gemini

Have you been a hibernating bear whose sole focus has been her career these past few months, who possibly annoyed some friends by being MIA even though they understood, who still didn’t have enough free time for important self-care things like gym and taxes and salsa class even though you weren’t socializing?

That’s about to change like a twenty dollar bill broken on a piece of gum. Shoutout to the mass comm majors of the world: you’ll be doing a ton of communicating this month, both on the job-front, the friendship front and the love front. Social life will become your priority. Now, if you’re seeing someone, because you’ll be around more this month, you two may have a higher chance of getting into a disagreement — but work through it. Be patient. Talk your way out of it! I mean: communicate your way into eachother.

(Don’t freak out, though: career stuff will be strong, especially around the 8th if you’ve been waiting.)

If you’re single, let your friends set you up. Don’t be weird about it.

Cancer

It’s very hard to write about Uranus (while knowing all that that we know about it being the planet of butts) and not imagine the associated sentences to be the side effects in an ad for some sort of gastrointestinal medicine:

Regarding the new moon on the 7th: “Expect some interesting surprises in regard to your professional interests, because Uranus, planet of creative, rebellious, and unexpected events will be conjunct the moon. With Uranus involved, you can’t guess that will come up, but let’s think good thoughts and hope events will be positive and innovative in regard to your career.”

But we horoscope frequenters can read between the lines! So what else?

This month is going to start to feel a little slow thanks to stupid Mars’ retrograde around the 17th, and you’ve likely already been feeling really busy with one project in particular. Be patient and thorough; rewards to come around the 13th that will give you good momentum.

Your best day(s) for love: April 22nd, plus or minus four days. You do the math but I think the equation goes a little something like you + me = us.

Leo

Surprise soup for you today, Leo — Susan Miller is obsessed with you! If last month, your mind was wrapped up in money woes, this month you’ll be running through the 6 with them.

You’re going to be Lewis and Clarking up a storm this April: exploring, traveling, leading, trading pelts for food, having colleges named after you, yadda yadda. Per Suz, “Your mind will be hungry to soak up new concepts, and to share them with others too.”

(See a barber/buy a new pair of shoes on April 12. Something to with Venus, but who needs an excuse to Pretty Winter. <– Rhetorical.)

Susan also says that April 22nd has your name on it, which is nice, because that tells me that not only is this going to be a great day (romantically, emotionally, spiritually, anything positive that ends in -ally), but the universe clearly has a better gift shop than Disney World.

Virgo

Annoying stuff first: money will be on your mind this month but that could skew good or bad because Susan was vague but she did say something along the lines of, “Let’s just assume it’s going to be good,” and you know what they say — when you assume you make an ass out of you and me, and you know who loves asses, right? Uranus! Planet of surprises! So let’s assume Uranus will surprise you in the best way possible and make your wallet FAT!

Important: Mars somehow has vacation again and is going to the retrograde spa and resort, again (at least it’s not Mercury) which means that anything you need to get done to get your shit together should be crossed off your list before the 18th.

Want some good news according to Suz? On April 14th, “You will feel as lucky as a Leprechaun,” and on April 21st, you’re likely to be traveling…for work, for whatever, but hello: for love.

Libra

Susan Thriller jumps right off the bat and says it so I might as well, too: this month is about marriage for you.

BUT WHOA. Before you start freaking out about the fact that you think I’m moving too fast (I mean, to my credit, we have been talking for a while…) you should obviously know by now that when it comes to celestial predictions, everything is open for interpretation, so, marriage could mean any sort of important partnership: the marriage of two platonic people in the forms of a business agreement, the marriage of ideas, peanut butter and jelly, and yes, fine, marriage in the traditional sense.

If you are doing anything contractual, try to wrap that up by April 5th. Oops! That’s today per our publishing schedule so…you know what! Just do what you need to do. (But really, if you can get that shit wrapped up before April 17th, great, because we’ve got a retrograde situation coming in strong via Mars.)

You’ve got that green colored confetti raining down on you April 21st, and if you don’t feel your wallet getting fatter at least take comfort knowing an important deal will close. Also fat? Your heart. On April 12th, Venus is going to drunk-text Mars while Mars is away on that vacation and be like, “I miss you,” but plot twist: it works. Mars is going to realize that Venus is the one and when that happens, you, my single friend, will be primed to meet someone special — so get out there! Socialize! Hit on the best looking smile you can find! And if you’re married then be kind, rewind and set a friend up with someone who you’d date if single, too.

Scorpio

You know, often there’s a similar theme that runs throughout the horoscopes. This month, the signs are half and half: some are super busy, some are finally chilling.

Don’t be mad at me but Scorps are part of Team Busy. However, it’s a glass half full kind of horoscope party, always! You’ve got the new moon of April 7th coming up roses and ready to energize you. (How many more clichés can I pack into one paragraph you ask? Try me! JK I’m tapped out. I, unlike you, do not have the same lunar can of Red Bull being delivered to my gullet this month so embrace the burst and ride it out!) Now, because of annoying ass Pluto, someone even more annoying ass is going to be annoying you. Rather than sting them with that tail of yours, however, you’re going to get through it with patience. Breathe. Channel this moon juice and focus on your creative endeavors instead, and if you feel like you tap two step backs on the 18th, know it isn’t permanent.

I know what you want, though: the really good news. Sure thing, Samantha Jones. On April 8th you’ve got an award of some kind coming your way. On the 12th, some money. On April 21st, ~*Neptune*~ is sending a “silvery, shimmering beam…in your fifth house of true love,” which means everything from a chance to attend a glamorous party to making out with Gatsby to meeting your one true Daisy, sans her emotional issues. Not sure how we got onto that train of thought but either climb in this boat or don’t.

Sagittarius

With four heavenly bodies filling your fifth house of true love, it’s time to play.” <– Those are the Thriller’s words, not mine! Heyo!!

First, let’s talk career. According to the same woman who predicted the above, April 14th is a day when your efforts will finally culminate in some big time recognition. Golf clap; take a lap then allow yourself to celebrate. You earned this.

Don’t buy a refrigerator, an incubator or anything electronic from the Home Shopping Network during Mars’ leisurely retrograde from April 18th to May 22nd. You know the drill.

Do, however, buck up for romance. It’s what Susan spent the majority of your sign going on about. If you’re taken, get ready for exciting next steps and feeling like you’re crushing on your person all over again, only this time you know about his/her weird things. If things are complicated, DTR two weeks after the 7th. If you’re single and trying to mingle before the spring un-cuffing season begins, that same April 7th and also April 22nd are days that you very well may meet your future summer wedding date. Also, vague but interesting: something may come to light on April 22nd. It’s either your aha moment or your euraka freaka, but it’s going to feel good.

Capricorn

If you’re reading this on April 5th, take comfort that today is a good day. You’re going to get some news you’ve been waiting for about your home or apartment or something along that general where-do-I-put-my-couch-and-how-will-I-afford-it vein. Per Suz, this hasn’t been the most comfy area for you, but it seems that things are going to start getting better.

In lighter lights, Susan Miller suggests you kidnap your significant other and surprise him or her with a trip to the airport on April 14th. This sounds like the intro to that movie Jawbreaker, which did not end well, so I advise you take the word “kidnap” less literally and use such euphemisms as “surprise” or “hinted at, but did not give all details.” Bla bla bla.

Oops, need to be annoying again for a second: beware the Mars retrograde of the 22nd, all sharp objects (so no Botox) and avoid purchasing electronics. That Kindle will have to wait.

Ending on a good note, the moon of the 21st is very romantic, which is great news if you’re a werewolf (hard word to spell) who still wants to find the one. It’s also great news if you’re a full time human looking for love, or if you’re taken, assuming you’re still together after the kidnapping incident.

Aquarius

It’s a good month for you, Aquaphor!!! But before we get into that I have to mom you per the guidance of Suz who is concerned that because Uranus is being a dick, you might hit your head while biking or something so please wear a helmet and elbow pads and condoms. If I’ve said it once then you’ve probably told me to shut up a million times: safety first.

Speaking of that planet, don’t let it boss you around or rush you. It’s going to try. Hold your ground, keep your head down and cross your priorities off that to-do list before the Mars retrograde comes in on the 17th. Things will slow no matter what during this time so you’ll want to be more prepped than the letter H.

Come back to me in the comments when you get that joke because I’m really proud of it.

I am also really proud to report that on April 12th, you just might find true love thanks to Venus and Mars hooking up then bubbling up, which kind of sounds like an STD but you know what that acronym also stands for, right? Save the Date.

And on April 21st, I don’t want to be dramatic or anything, but it sounds like your career is going to take off in a direction that more or less makes you the next big thing. Future film makers, thought shakers and leaders of the world: please stand up.

Pisces

Gold fish, I sure do hope you had the best birthday month ever and ate so much cake. Speaking of cake, this month is all about money for you — you’re primed to earn it and dance under its umbrella but remember: you have to work for it. That’s three Rihanna songs for price of one. Ca-ching! Sounds like you’ll be able to afford it.

There is a caveat, of course. A butt, if you will: Uranus is farting around your sign, being generally harmless but also surprising everyone as though the April fools jokes haven’t gotten old yet. (Hey asshole, they have.) His “surprises” could be financial ones for you that have the capacity to catch you off guard, but Thriller doesn’t seem too worried about you, especially because you’ve got Saturn playing the role of Goblin to your Gringotts.

Heads up on Mars’ trip to the Retrograde Spa & Resort where it’s bound to slow things down around April 17th. Do what you can to tie up loose ends before this happens and in the words of Drake, you know how this should go — don’t buy a new toaster (or it could toast ya). Omg are you sick of me yet? Let’s wrap this up with some good Suz:

“The full moon of April 21 at 2 degrees Scorpio this month will light your house of foreign people and places,” she writes. How exotic! Assuming you booked before the retrograde, the trip will turn out to be romantic and lovely. Bring your signifiant other if he or she can play hooky in the name of nookie (ew, remember Fred Durst?) and if you’re single but traveling for work or fun, be prepared to meet the one. Or perhaps, more importantly, be prepared to meet the you. Enjoy your bathrobe. And don’t order porn on the company card.

Pisces

Happy Birthday Pisces! You know that scene in How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days — a movie title that 100% inspired our millennial obsession with lists — where Matthew McConaughey has a thesaurus epiphany and he’s all, “I know: ~*~*Frost*~*~ yourself in diamonds,” then he makes a billion dollars on such a successful ad campaign?

That, my friends, is going to be you on March 8th thanks to a burst of creativity. (If you’ve never seen that movie then please do ASAP; I really need us on the same team here.) It’s only the beginning. Thanks to Mars entering Sagittarius on March 5 in your tenth house of honors, awards, and achievement, your career is on the rise. In fact, Mars is going to hang out at the top of your chart for seven months. Yes, it’s a little annoying that Mars doesn’t go and get its own apartment and it’s going to go retrograde in April (which means you should get a lot of projects done now before the backward, slow and sticky season), but still: this is great news per Suz. PS: March 16th is going to be one of your “most important and sparkling days of the year.” Enjoy ~*~*frosting*~*~ yourself in life.

Aries

Eclipses have been closing AIM buddy list doors shut in your sign since October 2013, and it’s ended multiple chapters in your book of Mormon or otherwise. And while this may have been annoying, it’s also been one long process of wiping your whiteboard clean so that you and your fresh-ass dry erase markers can finally begin to start anew.

This month’s eclipses will be good for you. They’ll be satisfying. You’ll DTR confusing relationships, do something productive with a doctor (that could mean productive 😉  or actually productive, as in start seeing a helpful therapist), and you’ll boost your career. Heads up: an obstacle will probably occur right when you’re super busy and don’t feel like being handed one more responsibility but come on, Sheryl Sandberg! You can do this.

Good days to know: You’ll be luckier than a leprechaun on March 16th; from now until March 11th your sex will be on fire just like that Kings of Leon song about Chlamydia? But in this case, “on fire” refers to your imminent romantic charisma. And on March 20th, if you’re single, it’s a good date to book a first date.

Taurus

SO! Bulls. What did you guys think of the Dolce & Gabbana bullfighter outfit? Good, great, now back to business — we have celestial matters to attend, starting with…

Friendship: thanks to the eclipse and Jupiter pouring out jungle juice, we’re scheduled to be more social than usual. I know it sounds a little like, ew, why?, but the couch isn’t going anywhere and it’s about time we dusted off our party hats after a long, pretty winter. Here’s the thing about friendship, as we know: Sometimes when a new one one enters, an old one goes. (Trade you a relevant article about that for my rhyme.) Just be prepared and remember that it’s a part of life.

Also a part of life: Non-platonic love, baby. I mean calf. “Mercury rules your fifth house of true love,” writes the Thriller, “and this month, Mercury will be very active.” Make sure you don’t lie to your gyno about it! Knowing your business is her job. Your job, meanwhile is to be as charming as possible on March 10, 15, 16, 20, 24, and 29. Great days for romance. And like everyone else in this celestial cesspool, prepare for a super-boost of creativity on the 16th. After reading everyone’s horoscopes, the whole world is going to rain glitter and smell like Tom Selleck that day, I’m pretty sure. It’s a good one.

Gemini

Gemini, your ‘scope is so good this month that it’s practically one of the free Snapchat filters. “You have a crown of stars twinkling at the very apex of your chart,” writes Susan, “with the Sun (solar eclipse), new moon, Neptune, and Mercury filling your solar tenth house of career honors and awards.” Just be sure to properly line up your eyes/nose/mouth and don’t get caught off-guard by the face-swap option.

No clue what that means? Me either, but in the summary of your horoscope, Susan writes that for you, March will be your most exciting career month in years. Prepare to work really closely with someone for the next few months, but also prepare for your efforts to pay off. Literally, because yay money! Not that you don’t also love your job because it’s fulfilling!

“If you are in a highly competitive situation,” writes Susan Miller, “the time when Mars tours Sagittarius from March through late September, you will find the opposition to be very aggressive in their attempts to win market share, favorable attention from higher-ups, or from the press.” You will be stressed during this period, but she stresses that if you focus on creative solutions and keep your head up (ooh-ooh!), you’ll pull ahead, win the affection of your coach/mentor Pharrell Williams and win Season 10 of The Voice! That’s what this is about, right?

Too bad (but good thing) you’re not on The Bachelor, though. Susan, aka the Chris Harrison of horoscopes, says that your best days for love are March 20 and March 23, “days when Venus, the pretty-me planet, will scatter rose petals your way.”

Cancer

Hey crab cake! Too bad you don’t wear pants because you’ve got these eclipses in your back pocket. Just make sure your passport is strapped around your belly! The first half of the month is an ideal time to travel, so shout out to any Cancers currently in Paris for fashion week. Another shout out to any of you about to embark on Spring Break. As they say in the old country: have fun and be safe.

The second half of the month revolves around your home. Since the second eclipse is happening during this time, it likely means something is coming to an end — a roommate might move out, your super might finally throw away the couch that has been sitting in front of your apartment for the entire year, who knows. Who cares! (I care.)

The 25th will be a great day for you at work (“When you’re hot, you’re hot,” writes Susan Miller: astrologist and meteorologist) and you’re bound to make strides. By the 31st, your mind will be exploding with ideas.  Old Lava Brain’s back, and she’s getting a raise.

Last thing: if you’re thinking about ending a relationship, maybe wait — if you can. The eclipse might reveal the answer you were waiting for. If that sounds too cryptic, ask Isaac instead!

Leo

I miss Uranus. Not yours, Lion King. This is a horoscope, not a sext. I mean the planet. Susan hardly brings up Uranus at all in March and I just realized how sad I felt about it by the time I got to your sign. Sigh.

N-E-way.

You’re about to get $hella rich$ on March 8th. Does it seem like Susan tells you that a lot? Does it seem like I tell you that a lot? If your bank account still looks empty despite repetitive financial predictions then maybe you should look inside your heart instead. Rich in love is worth more than the new Yeezys.

But seriously, she sort of spends the whole horoscope talking about how much money you’re going to come into in March. Maybe you’ll start dating a leprechaun?

…But you don’t need anyone’s luck or gold! Mars will send you all the sparkling beams to meet someone new. The Planet That Couldn’t Defeat Matt Damon’s Spirits is hanging out in your fifth house of true love starting March 5th. Be prepared for some retrograde action (no texting a lonely ex!) and get ready to chicken-and-waffle over whether you really like them or not. Blame it on the planet, but you’ll figure it out. The eclipse will help.

Virgo

Was really sad I used up my Virgil Abloh joke in last month’s episode of Horoscopes, She Wrote, but then I remembered the ancient Roman poet of the Augustan period, Publius Vergilius Maro, usually called Virgil! Like Abloh, this has little to do with your sign but I thought it important to note that Virgil was the original Oprah: “They can because they think they can.” If that’s not deep then the Grand Canyon sucks.

On March 8, Susan Miller tells us that “a solar eclipse will occur in Pisces and join a bevy of planets lining up in your committed partnership (seventh) house. This almost guarantees that something will be up with a partner.” NOW. Before you go and get all paranoid on your best friend/boyfriend/girlfriend/and or professional partner, let’s just consider the facts: a new moon eclipse is almost always a good thing, so, just because something is “up” doesn’t mean it’s done. In fact, it could simply be the start of something beautiful and new. You just have to find the bright side. They can because they think they can. The power of positive thinking.

Let’s do some more, then: I am positive that you don’t want to visit your accountant on March 31st. (Don’t worry, Anita, I’m a Taurus, not a Virgil Abloh. Our appointment still stands!) You’ll be focused on your home this month so get out your gardening gloves, and if you’re still concerned about love: don’t be. You’ve got Jupiter in your sign, and he’s doing some celestial swiping for you.

Libra

Put on the best rings you’ve got, Liberace (close enough!) — this is going to be a busy AF month for you. You’ve got the first eclipse on March 8th affecting your work life, and while it won’t be a huge raise or promotion (that’s coming this summer) it could mean a satisfying lateral move. Maybe you hate your job so you change companies: sweet relief. It could mean a new computer if the one you use crashes every time you open up Seamless on your browser. (The definition of insanity is…)

Anyway. Part of why you’re going to be so busy is that your houses will all be packed.

In your sixth house we have health, where it seems like an annoying condition will finally be relieved. (Suz thinks it’s about your bunions.) In your third house, which is essentially the Fuller House because it’s the house of “close kin, ruling siblings and cousins,” you’ve got Saturn in there teaching life lessons like Danny Tanner. You’re maturing, my friend.

Finally, we’ve got Venus giving Aquarius a tour in your house of true love until March 11. That’s the beach house, right? It’s the perfect time to go shopping, get a blowout, do the Pretty Winter thing. Not that you’re not a babe now, but a little self-pampering goes a long way in the world of finding The One. Look good, feel good, you know? Besides, maybe you’re your own The One. I’m done.

Scorpio

El Scor(h)pio, get ready to have the best month ever. If you’re reading this on the fourth then you have the weekend and some change to rest up. After March 8th, Susan the Thriller Miller wants you out of the house to work those celestial powers that be.

Now’s a good time to travel, have a baby, if you don’t want a baby remember that “baby” can be a metaphor for creative projects AKA, “this PowerPoint detailing a retrospective on the sailing outfits of JFK is my baby,” and fall in love. If you’re already in love then maybe you should learn to cook because I’m hungry.

The second eclipse is going to bring out secrets, but not the kind that make you reconsider every instance you’ve ever sent a sexy photograph that includes your face.

Nope!

These are more about the secret things that don’t cause you night or meat sweats, things like: your confidence, a hidden talent or hopes and dreams that you’re just now ready to share. In other news, money is going to fall into your hands on March 16. Throw it back up into the air for fun so long as no one sketchy around you will pocket it. Sometimes, in the midst of a party month like this, there’s no better way to celebrate than by making it rain presidential confetti.

Sagittarius

No matter how crazy work has been for you lately (or school! school is work!) your attention is about to turn toward your home. This sounds like a nice and cozy thing, doesn’t it? Of course Susan goes and makes it weird by saying that you’ll need to speak with someone about the fishpond on your roof or “investigate how much it might cost you to add a fountain” — definitely just what you’ve always needed — but this will be a fun project in one of those tedious but satisfying ways, like going to Home Depot.

On March 6, Mars is going to hang out in your sign for a while. You’ll do the driving, which is always a little annoying when someone suggests a trip and then is like, “Oh, but can we take your car?” but at least this means you control the radio, and you will. You’ll be dialing your life to such channels as…

3.16 – The Garden: “Any seeds you plant on this day should grow into big oak trees.” Get out your metaphorical compost.

3.23 – The Eclipse: Light Jazz. Something will come to a close this day, but you know what they say about doors closing. “STOP SLAMMING THE DOOR, FOR CHRIST’S SAKE AMELIA.” Also, windows open, and in fly good vibes. Susan says that something “dearly important to you may finally come to fruition,” by the way. And she is not talking about your corn crop.

Capricorn

If March feels as though it began with a fire lit under its ass for you, Susan agrees in a less crass way and describes the heavenly bodies on your side this month like Minions that are not evil, although I have to tell you I do not get the point of this Minion shit. But whatever let’s talk about your sign, you Unicorn Goat!

Read all contracts carefully because of the eclipse happening March 8. The eclipse is on your side but they’re known to cause surprises, and we are just not emotionally equipped to deal with surprises unless it’s an album announcement on Instagram. The second eclipse will be a little bit more exciting for you. A deal will close or some sort of agreement will finally be finished and you will get to move forward, onward and upward.

You’re going to be extremely creative this month, but now is also a good time to talk to a psychologist. Fish will be swimming through your subconscious — but feel free to take that up with a Pisces, and speaking of, as far as love: Venus will enter Pisces on March 12 (which is TMI, I know, and also sort of a weird thing to schedule but you know, everyone’s busy and whatever works). What it means for you: if you travel between then and April 5, you have a great chance of meeting your own person with whom to “schedule meetings,” ifyouknowwhatImean.

Aquarius

March will be a huge month of change for you, so be sure to always have a 10, a 5 and 5 ones, just in case.

Badum-cha!

But for real, some of this will affect your spending habits. Keep your eyes on your finances, double-check restaurant bills, don’t be afraid to ask for a raise (after March 8th), but do be ready for a source of income to put the BRB sign up on its auto away message. You’ll 100% be fine though, because Susan hints ferociously at some sort of secret benefactor who will step in. Are you there, Oprah? It’s me, Aquarius.

In addition to reconnecting with friends from your past and feeling the urge to travel (maybe even home to see these old friends), you’ll be more creative than a three-year-old with a serious dress-up wardrobe who just woke up at 4 a.m. and is ready to party. March 16 is going to be your best day in general this month, but if you’re looking for a partner in makeout non-crimes (unless that turns you two on!), March 10 and 12 will be your best days. I mean dayz.

Aquarius

Happy Birthday, Frank the Fish Tank! I was going to pop out of a cake for you but I forgot. Here’s a better present: February is one of Susan’s favorite months for the entire year. That never happens. February normally sucks! (Not on the day you were born, of course.)

Another gift you’re getting: the new moon of February 8th. It’s sharing beams with Uranus (safety first, guys!), which means that a “surprise opportunity” should arise in the 10 days that follow. This is super vague so take the gray area and run, Forrest.  Run toward the good fortune with open arms and approach every scenario as though you just might win a million bucks.

Because you could. You could also get rich in l-o-v-e.

“Venus will glide through Aquarius starting February 16 to March 11” — (Remember to use a water-based lube!) — giving you all the je ne sais qualities that make will make the world fall in love with you.

Pisces

Susan Thriller calls February a “wonder month” for you catch of the days. The first wonder: you may have a prophetic dream or be creepy-intuitive around the new moon of the 8th. Pay attention to the little voices, but let’s not get weird about it, because remember, from now until the 29th: no bad days. (Especially because you’re about to make that money this month.)

Fun wonder number two: you may give a great speech on the 9th. Don’t have one planned? Wow. It really will be just like in the movies. Carry around blank note cards just in case you need to tear them up for effect.

It’s possible that you’ll be far away from home on Valentine’s day, (which Suz calls “one for the books”) but that doesn’t mean Cupid won’t be able to find your chimney, eat your cookies and drink your milk. Worst case scenario: you can always love on yourself.

And just in case a big love doesn’t magically appear or your partner doesn’t surprise you on the actual 14th, be patient.  The 22nd promise good things for romance. And if you’re over that Meg Ryan BS? Well, you’ll fall in love, all right. Right into a serious relationship with your budding, blossoming career.

Aries

Aries, Aries, Yellow Canaries, thank your lucky stars (literally) because Mercury has finally cooled it with the retrograde in your “prestigious career center.” That means that any annoying work-related issue that’s felt choked up will smooth itself out and move the hell along.

Other things that will feel like they’re fixing themselves? Your life, A, and friendship, B. Thank the new moon on the 8th which is on some Donny Darko shit (in a good way) and has some sort of 10-day-good-luck-vortex swirling around it. Susan calls it a “portal of energy.” I’m just like: a time machine would be easier, but thanks.

Now love! Love! That’s why we still sign up for this dang month, right?

I’m gonna be honest: Susan didn’t mention much in the way of romance for your sign, but that doesn’t mean we can’t read between lines. And in-between her lines about how creative you’ll be toward the end of the month and the blind date you may get set up on for the evening of the 22nd, it says:
_______________________________________________________
You don’t need another person to make you happy but no one ever said anything about these shoes.
_______________________________________________________

Taurus

BULL-ett proof, nothing to lose, fire away, fire away: hey! Susan wants us to focus on our careers this month which is clearly subliminal messaging by way of Leandra who wishes I would Pomodoro more and online-shop less. (Srsly though: focus on your career per Susan/the universe because good things are coming but nothing will happen if you don’t send that fax.)

Still, this is February, which means Valentine’s day, and I’ll be damned if at least one planet doesn’t send me a card and box of chocolates, so let’s talk about our love lives, shall we?

They’re looking strong. The 14th will actually be a great day for love. So will the 22nd and the 29th when you could accidentally or on purpose propose to someone. IDK. And most importantly: use the 9th to travel. We’ll have it better than anyone this month, and it’s already a lucky day. Take a train or plane and sit next to someone who doesn’t smell bad, because you never know where romance could rise, my bulls. You never know.

Gemini

Hello and welcome to the best month ever. February is going to rule.

I know. Da fuq?

But pro tip: don’t question a good thing if you’re not Martha Stewart.

Sign papers on the 6th, bla bla bla. On the 8th, check Instagram: “Anything having to do with the digital world of communication — an app, website, and matters to do with publishing and broadcasting —” (these are all Susan’s worlds) “shine brightly for you.” It’s also a great time to consider any back-to-school applications that may or may not have been lingering around in your head.

But what’s been lingering around in your pants?!

The night of the 9th will be made for love. Go on a first date, go on an are-we-getting-engaged date. Either/or and the in-between will cause those good vibes to rise, but let it be known: the whole end of the month is ripe for smooching.

Love not a concern — you’re just worried about the future? Wait until the 25th. Things will calm down. Your life = ahhhhhhhhh. (Not AHHHH!)

Cancer

Susan Miller wrote you the cutest sentence ever so I am just going to put it right here before I can mess it up with a Uranus joke: “You will like this month, for almost all the little planets will be acting like angels and support you fully.”

We’ve got Pisces giving a great speech on the 9th, but yours is scheduled for the 6th. Either you guys have staggered stag parties or this is just one of those things that isn’t a coincidence at all! Still, you’ll kill it. Bring a cough drop just in case.

Here’s what is happening on the 9th: a productive talk with your partner, which as we all know in 2016 could refer to literally anyone, from your significant other to the person with whom you’re trying to DTR to the other person with whom you share SEO insight. Embrace it. Love on it. Strengthen this bond for good things to come.

Speaking of! V-day will be an excellent time to escape to a non-sketchy bed & breakfast. No can do on chintz floral bedding? Yes can do on the 27th: it’s another great time to get away, to fall in love, and to make a bay-bay.

(Again: that could mean anything in 2016. Sounds like a cool idea come to fruition to me.)

Leo

This coming Saturday, Lion Queens, will be a great day to get away with a lover.

But what if you don’t have a lover, right? Bingo! And that may or may not be his name-0. Susan Thriller calls February 14th a “landmark day for love.” Saturn, planet of stability but clearly not car of stability because my Saturn Vue stopped working the day I graduated college, will help you finally put down romantic roots if that’s something you’ve been craving.

As we know with life, of course, when love is grand, money is like, “Yea, I’d rather not help fund your new romance. Can you two stop going to such expensive restaurants?” Anyway, I’m not saying it’s going to be tight, but I am saying that it’s going to be annoying around the 22nd and you should avoid touching it like, at all, if possible. Deal with it on the 25th instead. Way easier. Way better results.

Finally, you know what Suzy Suz wants you to do on the 26th? Send a risky text. “Do you like me? Circle yes, no, maybe so.”

Do it. Do it!

Virgo

Do you ever sometimes look at your sign and think to yourself, “Wow, Virgo has the same name as Virgil Abloh?”

NO?

You really should.

Anyway Susan is calling this your emerald year! 2016 could shape up to be the best ones of your life. “You still do have lots of time to take full advantage,” she writes, “but time can slip through our fingers like water if we don’t pay attention to our goals. Knowing what you want to happen next will be essential if you hope to use this energy in the best possible way.” So focus. Make dedicated Pinterest boards. Draw your goals. Learn calligraphy. Let’s do this shit.

Let’s fall in love, too!

There’s foreplay going on between Venus and Capricorn in your fifth house of love, and Ol’ Good Luck Chuck Jupiter is hooking up in Virgo, which is in your first house of you. (All of this according to Suz.) Now, normally, if you told me all these planets were hooking up in your house I’d be like, “Ew that’s gross. Change the sheets.” But in this case, their focus is you. Get ready to be romanced on February 9th.

Libra

I can’t be-Libra it’s not butter and you won’t either: life is going to be so damn sunny this month you’re going to think everything is a vitamin-D-packed dairy product and consume life like you’re not lactose intolerant at all!

February 6th will bring up good news about that apartment you’ve been stressing over, and it’s going to be a great night for a party. (Literally not horoscope-related at all and more word-to-the-wise: celebrate your brand new apartment outside of the apartment itself, like at a bar, maybe, if you plan on involving extra-curricular dance moves, champagne and finger paint into the mix.)

You’re going to be lucky on the 9th, and you’re going to get lucky on the 14th. Susan says you’re going to get a cold around the 22nd but you know what I think that is? Love sickness. That or a UTI which often comes as a result of too much of the aforementioned extra-curricular dance moves in one weekend. So whatever, you’ll recover, and come out fine as never-had-a-sip-of-wine on the 26th when some brilliant-ass idea is bound to pop into your head. Ahh, the flush-filled joys of inspiration.

Scorpio

Well, Scorpio, I hope you love Bed, Bath & Beyond because Susan Miller begins your horoscope in the home improvement section. From there, you’re about to have the best weekend ever on the 5th & 6th. (I mean, sometimes BB&B is a serious party. Great snacks by the checkout lines and you never know how much fun you can have with a humidifier until you really try!)

You’re going to pull a “maybe our friends are our soulmates” Carrie Bradshaw-type thing on Valentine’s day, and there ain’t no shame in that so long as you do it under the wide-brimmed comfort of a sombrero and bottomless chips. (Never, ever trust a Mexican restaurant that charges you for chips with your heart.)

The 28th will be romantic in the more traditional sense (you’ll give up something for someone you love, they’ll be there to catch you when you fall either metaphorically or because it’s slippery as shit outside), but really, this month’s overarching theme is about loving those women who’ve watched you do weird things after downing a pitcher of margarita by yourself and still texted you to hang out the next day.

Sagittarius

Sorry to steal part of my own joke from Libra’s ‘scope (if you don’t use it you lose it!), but: if your career has felt like the opposite of I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter — that is, rock-hard, slow-churned butter made from the milk of a constipated goat, well hang in there Sagi-cat, because your career’s going to climax this month.

But what about you? February 6 you’re set to take a romantic trip (which could just be a fun time in the bedroom if you buy new sheets), and later, on the 28th, you’re set up for another sex-filled, deep emotions, look-into-my-corneas-and-tell-me-your-dreams kind of day.

Now back to the desk, because in the eyes of Susan and your sign, that’s where it’s at: you’re going to feel more creative, more financially lucrative and majorly successful, minus the suck. Like the Scorpio ‘scope above, yours is more quiet when it comes to The Bachelor kind of love (read: not…sociopathic?), but loud where it counts: around your friends. Yoo hoo! Wanna hang? I hear those Scorpios know how to make a mean margarita infused with jalapeño — hold (or don’t!) the peen.

Capricorn

Happy not-your-birthday-month-anymore-month, Capricorn. I know that comedown can be hard — especially if it felt like your birthday was the only good thing about January. Well hang up your post-party hat and get ready to celebrate: February, for once in its life, absolutely rules.

We’ve got shimmering butt vibes between Uranus and the Sun on the 6th and 7th (touchdown!), and a new moon on the 8th that will help you get a raise/make it rain.

You may travel on Valentine’s day, you may be locked into a make-out session on the couch, or you may be surrounded by friends. Either way, you’ll be happy. Really happy, actually, thanks to a good omen as caused by the transitioning moon in Taurus. (Mooooo.)

Know what else, Caprinae smiles? It seems everything toward the end of the month (especially around the full moon on the 22nd) is going to go your way. Vague? Perhaps. But just as U2 sang, she [the universe/Susan Miller/possibly me and you, too] move/s in mysterious ways.

Capricorn 

Happy birthday, you fancy goat! I would first like to congratulate you on having the best celebrities as sign-twins. Such Capricorn luminaries include Diane Keaton, Michelle Obama, Kate Moss and Denzel Washington, though make no mistake: that list goes on.

I, meanwhile, share a birthday with Bob Saget.

So work’s been stressful, huh? The universe is going to give you a break courtesy of Mars moving into your eleventh house of friendship, events, people and love, which sounds to me like the best roommate ever. You’re likely to get a check in the mail — a delayed holiday card from grandma, perhaps. And speaking of grandma, your romantic world is about to light on fire so tell her to bugger off like you’re a character in Love Actually and get stoked for January 23rd. You’ll be as charismatic as Hugh Grant himself. He’s a Virgo. It’s a match!

Aquarius

The retrograde’s gonna slow things down, but slow what? The change in pace will be good for you; there’s a big chance that you’re still exhausted from the Great Nap of 2015, AKA your holiday break, and a little time to ruminate never hurt nobody — especially when taking a knee could result in a grand idea of some sort. Did the lightbulb just go on? If not you may need to wait until the 9th. You’ll be especially intuitive at the new moon.

Another new moon to enjoy without its pants on is the sweet cheek of January 23rd, where you’ll assess and make moves in regards to the closet relationship in your life, according to Miller. (Technically this moon’s assessment could go in another direction — the bad one — but pulling your pants down in public always has the capability to do so, does it not?) The good Suz: you’ve got Venus in Sag until the 23rd, making you a hot piece of sass to all who pass by. You bet your bottom dollar.

Pisces

If you feel like you let the holiday fly by you faster than a drunk frog on a swing set, that’s because you did. But it was in the name of your career, and you’ve set yourself up for a seriously successful 2016. Now you can have fun. Clean up your act in February. That month sucks anyway, and your human movie theater will no longer be featuring December’s Sinus Infection That Still Won’t Die — in IMAX!, so you can work out or whatever. Until then, blow your nose and party.

In fact, all the socializing you’re guaranteed to do thanks to your planetary planners at AstrologyZone is only going to further help your professional success. Some people take improv classes to do so, you take the class of life.

Aries 

You’re going to feel all Carrie Bradshaw in her “maybe we weren’t meant to be tamed moment,” but cool your damn jets because you’ll get all antsy and say something dumb to your boss. Deep breaths. Now’s a good time to start meditating, but if you hate closing your eyes for something that isn’t sleep or a huge bite of sandwich, just know that things will smooth out once the effect of January 9th’s full moon wears off.

Also temporary: feeling like your wallet is a tumbleweed holder and your bank account is more empty than the Thanksgiving gravy boat after Uncle Borris has had a go.

I know I said this was a no-Mercury zone, but one piece of tuna won’t kill us: “The upside of Mercury retrograde in your house of career,” writes Susan Miller, “is that you may finally get the green light to proceed on a project dear to your heart that had previously been put on hold.” Guess what else? On January 23rd, you’re a prime candidate to fall in love.

Taurus

My fellow moon cows, after a stressful 2015, this is our month to relax. (Challah!) And it’s our time to get happy thanks to Jupiter flinging around golden beams all willy nilly. Know what else the old Jupe Box is playing? Every lovey dovey song you’ve ever heard.

“Jupiter’s current focus, until September,” writes my girl Siouxsie Sioux, “will be to work on helping you find true love if you are single, or ways to enjoy the love that you have already built with someone special, say, if you are married.”

Then, in a wildly uplifting continuation of good themes this month, we’re getting three days “all strung together like pearls”:  On January 12th, Venus will receive “an exciting, silvery beam from Uranus.” It’s not a thong, but it does mean money for us! The next day, on the 13th, we could find love while traveling (but remember, don’t lose that passport — the retrograde will be upon us!!) and are likely to kill it at work. The 14th turns out to be a dud so everything we were going to do that day, we should do the day before, but whatever: that just means good planning. New year, new us, right?

Gemini 

Gemin-hayyy! Now, I’m still gonna do a summary for you, but I highly suggest you take the time to read your actual ‘scope on AstrologyZone because there is this riveting anecdote about a woman who once tried to steal Susan’s identity. No time for that here, I’m afraid.

That’s because you’re going to be too busy chilling. Like so many signs this month, January will feel slow. Embrace it. Use the calm period to get annoying life-stuff done, like all that unpacking you need to do from your ski trip. That shit is starting to smell.

Suz seems to think you’re due for surgery. If you are, try to schedule it for February, post-retrograde. Otherwise, you’re in for a good Jan: money is going to flow like the rhymes of those baby rappers on Lifetime’s The Rap Game. This is great news considering you’re all about that nesting mode at home, and how timely: if you’re in a relationship, you two may be taking it to the next level of commitment. Tempurpedic mattresses, it is!

Cancer 

Here’s hoping you have a bigger apartment than I do: “With four heavenly bodies filling your seventh house of partnership, commitment, and marriage,” writes Susan Miller, “You appear to be ready to align yourself with another person, to be able to do bigger and better things in life.”

You will have to be confident, however, as it seems like the partner in question (whether a romantic one or a professional one) will try to bulldoze your opinions. Stand tall! You’re you. You got this.

Meanwhile, if you’re single, Susan the Magic 8 Ball herself says your outlook for love this month is “excellent” thanks to Mars singing sonnets up to your sign’s Juliet balcony. Finally, even though it’s January, that doesn’t mean you should stop treating yourself. The 12th is an excellent day to take a little day trip to a spa somewhere. You’ll be able to afford the kind with the good bathrobes and fancy water — on the 13th, it’s gonna rain green. As in money, not detoxifying juice.

Leo

In the jungle, the mighty jungle, this lion does not sleep tonight. While every other sign is being encouraged to chill, yours is being told to hit the gym. Everyone says this is the time they’re going to become a healthier version of themselves; your sign is astrologically lined-up to succeed. Get it, girl. Your glutes look great already.

On January 8 — that’s today! — you’ll become very clear on your current dating situation. So mine would be: definitely single. Yours might be: I do like her! Another’s might be: nope, gotta end it. But either way, what a relief to knock that guessing game off.

If you do end something, Venus is getting that sparkly goodness from Uranus on the 12th which is setting you up for a new somethin-somethin. That’s a Tuesday. Going up?

Virgo

According to your astrological accountant, Susan Miller, it sounds like money has been a little tight and may continue to be so in January. You can blame Uranus and Pluto (typical) who have beef and are fucking shit up. By July, they’ll chill out, and your bank statements will recover. (And until then, you might be surprised by a loan on the 12th.)

That doesn’t mean you can’t still have the best month ever, because you’re gonna. Oh yes. “The universe has prepared January as your time to let your hair down and have fun,” writes our girl.

On the 13th, Suz quotes Star Wars and says that when it comes to love, “the force will be with you.” So circulate. Put you hair into cinnamon buns over your ears — it’s a great cold-weather solution for frozen ears, and it turns people on, and it’s the only Star Wars reference I have besides Yoda, R2D2 and this cat.

Libra 

Gear up your Pinterest board, throw a log on the fire or at a mason jar and crack open a cold one of Marie Kondo: you’re gonna be all about your home this month. Begin with the organizing and rearranging of what you already own; buying furniture will be more of a nightmare than it already is thanks to the suckrograde, and nobody wants to have to use that weird Ikea version of Gchat where you spend the whole time wondering why the online customer service rep, Nancy, doesn’t get a cool name like Floogbort.

Call your siblings on the 12th — they might need you. No siblings? Call your weird hidden tooth. Who knows what it was trying to be. Protein is crazy.

But, maybe avoid telling anyone about said tooth on the 23rd — a great day for a fabulous party where you’re sure to expand your own circle. Your love life will kick into high gear in February. Right now, circulate in the social scene. Not that you needed a reason to wear polka dots in January, but a little occasion never hurt.

Scorpio

You know how inspirational posters are always like, “YOU control your destiny,” and you’re like, “The only destiny I feel like I can control is the Beyoncé-led girl group when organizing my Spotify playlists into ‘best-of’ categories.” But Susan Miller is like, No, really. Now that Mars is in your sign, you’re finally calling the shots. Take advantage of this power. It only happens once every two years.

However, be cautious. Even though Susan Miller likens you to a stallion (which is a horse who still has his balls, if you were curious), “anxious to bolt out of the gate and show the world what you can do,” you need to take a knee on action until February. For now, just ruminate. Think. Plan to make plans.

By January 23rd, you’re going to experience a raise or a title change or some sort of life upgrade. You’ll be getting romantic attention, too. Not only do the 16th and 17th look good, but during the last three days of the month, Venus will be “in sync” with Neptune. Cue the baby-making music.

Sagittarius

This will only make sense if you just read the above horoscope about equine balls, but: speaking of stallions! Here’s to you, half-horse human. Hope your birthday month back in old December was grand. You know what’s still grand? Your career, which is flourishing like a drunk author’s wrist whose hand is holding a Cher Horowitzian quill pen.

The new moon on the 9th kind of sucks for you, so let’s ignore it. Besides, things will work out. Susan guarantees it like she’s George Zimmer selling a suit.

Funny I should mention suits: you’ve got Venus on your side until the 23rd practically begging you to go shopping. No need to yank your chain twice, am I right? Unless you’re one of those old Victorian toilets. But you are not! You’re a mover and a shaker who’s destined to travel and fall in love (Jan 12!) and do great things. Don’t let the slowness of the retrograde make you feel down. Come February, you’ll be a jack rabbit on roller skates at the disco of life. Yee-haw!

Sagittarius

HAPPY BIRTHDAY $AGITTARIU$. I’m not decking those S’s with boughs of bills for nothing — thanks to the full moon at the end of the month you’ll receive a huge bonus or win Jeopardy. You’ve also got Mercury doing the cha cha slide through your income sector, so you can call me Al or buy me lunch. You’re having one of those months where you can’t help how charming you are (do you think that’s how Emma Stone always feels?) so there’s a high likelihood that someone falls in love with you like, every five seconds.

Already in love and into the “experimenting” phase of your relationship? Great. The new moon on December 11th is about to receive “a friendly, tight mathematical beam from Uranus.” Whatever floats your boat, as they say. (PS: It means that anything involving pregnancy and children — both literal and of the metaphorical my-job-is-my-baby ilk — will be in your favor.)

Capricorn

Well, Susan starts off by calling you a goat, but I know she means it in a nice way, as in, you’re surefooted in your career. You’re ambitious and moving on up. You’ve also got Mars, the planet of action figures, on your side right now helping you get even further along, so don’t be afraid of a little self-promotion so long as it doesn’t involve hashtagging your social security number on your Instagram posts.

December 10 is dumb, just a heads up. Sleep it off.

The following day will bring a sense of calm, which is great: you need to use the rest of December to get stuff done since Mercury’s going retrograde for the entire month of January aka 100% skiing in Gstaad and doing face masks in fluffy robes. Like don’t even play, Mercury. We follow your ass on Snapchat. You can’t lie to us.

Whatever. The end of the month ends in a giant red bow for you. You might get engaged around the 25th (if you’re single then how shocking will that be?!) and you are guaranteed a good time on New Year’s Eve — now take that and run before I make a Uranus joke.

Aquarius 

Plural of Aquarius, you are not as lucky as the Capricorns but only because they dodged a bad joke whereas I’m starting your horoscope with one right off the rabid bat! Susan Thriller Miller writes that your ruler, Uranus, will “signal the Sun with a thrilling electric beam, and surprises galore should come up.” I’ll say!

While this is a super busy month socially, it’s going to feel a bit slow career-wise — but don’t freak. Enjoy the quiet and get your life in order. January (despite the Mercu-bomb I just dropped in the above ‘scope) is going to be your job’s time to shine. More on that in 2016.

Susan Miller’s daughter Diana has jury duty toward the end of December if you’re curious. I’m curious!

Guess what you have at the end of December? Luxury. Thank Venus the planet and not the razor because she’s going to make your life fine as wine, which you’ll be drinking plenty of, possibly in Gstaad with Mercury.

Pisces

Before I go any further because who knows what day you’re reading this, you might lose your phone on December 10. Be careful. This day is low-key gonna suck for everyone in different ways. Moving on: According to the Suz, the biggest moment of the year for your career will be December 11. “Heavy gates that had been stubbornly closed for you will now open wide,” she writes. Ah yes, the metaphorical equivalent of finally learning to press that stupid exit button next to the door despite the fact that it’s completely pointless if you consider that doorknobs still work better than some annoying button no one can figure out.

Aw man! I got the shitty horoscope! All Amelia did was talk about doorknobs.

Nah. I’d never let you go home hungry. Let’s talk about love: you’ve got a full moon on December 25. It’s great lighting for trying on any gifts you may have received, but it’s even better lighting for your house of s-e-x. And true love! Sorry. Still making up for the doorknobs.

Aries

Susan really stressed travel for your sign this month; it looks like you’ll be racking up miles in the early part of December just as much as on those upcoming vacation days. You may even be spontaneous and go somewhere out of nowhere on the 8th, which gives me anxiety but I’m not an Aries so maybe that’s where we differ. Celestially. Just don’t travel on the 10th or the 20th (you’ll probably get in a fight with your seat mate over their annoying snacking habits if you do).

You’re primed to make money around the 24th and 25th (one check from grandma and suddenly getting mail is fun again!)

Also on the 25th besides Christmas day — if you’re into that kind of thing! — is a full moon that will “shower beautiful vibrations on Neptune.” Normally you’d get yelled at by your mom for showering vibrations on your sister, but since this vibe is about being cozy at home with family, you probably won’t even have to clean up after the mess you’ve made.

Taurus

Do you feel tired? Worn down? Like you’ve been working hard and no one’s recognized it at the office? As though you’re currently in an infomercial? Well stop reading this in an informercial voiceover accent and start blaming the planets, now!

Uranus, planet of butts, has been retrograde since July. Butt Town USA is also the ruler of your tenth apartment of honors, awards and achievement which means that once it goes direct on Christmas day, you will get a blast of energy that’ll scoot ya on up to the corner office with the window you’ve had your eye on.

However, be careful to avoid getting in fights with any coworkers over their loud salad habits on the 10th. Tensions will be higher than Jim Breuer in Half Baked.

If you’re in a relationship, you guys will be in a good, committed place and finally figure out your sleep numbers. If you’re single, watch out, world: Jupiter’s touring our new love sector until September 2016, “bringing the likelihood of meeting your one true love at long last.” Here’s hoping we do more than just meet.

Gemini

You’ll essentially be a really good sharer at the beginning of December, so one gold star to you. You’re going to duck out of the spotlight to let your colleagues or sig-other take Santa’s sled reins for a bit, but it will be a great learning experience for you, or something. Whatever. Let’s party!

For real! Susan just goes on and on about how this is a great time for you to be with friends and celebrate and wear sequins and gold and dress like Cookie Lyon got in a fight with a snow globe. She’s especially excited about your New Year’s Eve festivities, which is promising — is anyone ever excited about New Year’s Eve festivities anymore? No. So take it back and enjoy it like you’re an ironic hipster learning to love Uggs.

You know what else there is to be excited about toward the end of the month? Money. Whether you believe in Santa or not, a fat wad of cash is likely to drop down your chimney around the 25th thanks that sweet new moon.

Cancer

Annoying news out of the way first: avoid the 10th. Just literally avoid it. Mars is gonna piss off Uranus who’s going to shit all over that day. That said, just a few days earlier, on the 8th, the Sun is going to put Uranus in a good mood (that vitamin D) and you’ll have one of those ride-around-on-everyone’s-shoulders-while-they-cheer-for-you kind of experiences. Slay that PowerPoint, girl.

Technically speaking, Susan wants you to avoid traveling on the 19th and 20th but she also once tried to get everyone to stay home on New Year’s Eve, which no one did and everything was fine. Sometimes the baby bird’s gotta fly the nest for the sake of a shindig, ya dig?

We’ve got Venus moving through your true love sector this month creating good vibrations and making it likely that you’ll meet someone totally groovy who isn’t named George Glass. The biggest day for love will be the 24th, so cozy up on the couch, get your home clothes on, grab a smart phone and start swiping. OR just lose a glove if you’re John Cusack in Serendipity. 

Do not, however, give in to the ghosts of exes past. Or do. Maybe the one who got away will send a great GIF or something…

Leo

You will have the most romantic luck out of all the signs. According to Susan, you’re bewitching this month. Spiking your eggnog with pheromones, eh? Good for you.

On the 8th, you should travel. She wants everyone to get out of dodge this day (Thriller, it’s a Tuesday — that’s a school night!) but maybe you can call in sick, take the train for the sake of a ride and meet someone along the way when you’re not too busy looking out the window and pretending you’re in an Adele music video. IDK. Just don’t travel the 10th. Major delays.

Career is looking great for you so no worries there. The 19th in particular looks to be an especially important day: you may get a promotion. Might I suggest you take some money from your promotion, buy yourself a new outfit and go out? Turns out you’re also celestially primed to fall in love this day.

Crystal ball time: the outlook for your 2016 is filled with green paper — whatever you’re doing or about to do at work, keep it up. Just don’t blackout at your office holiday party and rant about Jan’s crap Pandora station and you will be good as gold.

Virgo

Susan went super rogue and started talking about June in your December horoscope which was, by the way, eternally long — so I skimmed you the good stuff like the good friend that I am!

Sounds like money will come in around the 8th to help fund a move or home improvement project. (I get it. The only stores I want to be in right now are the ones that involve linens, headboards, fluffy towels and superfluous ottomans that are meant for placing, like, coffee table books and a candle on top of as opposed to your feet.)

When it comes to love, know that I love you all month, but you’ll really feel loved and romanced by the members of your preferred attractive sex toward the end, around the 24th. The 25th is supposed to be even more romantic, so if your parents let you, go out and hit up the neighborhood bar. You never know who got cute because a lot of people have deleted their Facebooks and made their Instagrams private.

Libra

Take advantage of the fact that you’ve still got Mars in your sign, Lil’ Libras. This shit does not last very long, so you need to soak up its caffeine affect and focus for the rest of December. Mercury is about to go retrograde in January so you need to dot your i’s and cross you t-straps now. Pretend you’re in finals mode again but actually shower this time.

Booooring! On to the fun stuff, like paper! Susan Miller talks about it for about 500 words in your horoscope. She is very picky when it comes to paper and no fact about her could make me love or trust her more. She likes 100-percent rag – 20 lb. cotton paper in case you don’t know what to get her for Christmas. 20 pounds does indeed seem really heavy for one piece of paper so while we contemplate that let us also talk about your New Year’s Eve plans that you’ve definitely been stressing about:

Don’t buy tickets to anything. Host a small party at home. Wear fun hats and sparkly tights and put disco balls in your champagne glasses. You’re only going to talk to your friends at some nutzo event in a terrifying venue, anyway. May as well be somewhere that you can take your shoes off once your feet start to hurt.

Scorpio

Let’s bring it on home, Scorps. The new moon of December 11th is about to light up your second house of salary. “Second house” sounds good, as in, you’ll eventually earn enough money to have a beachfront property somewhere with a Nancy Meyer’s-rivaling kitchen and the kind of fireplace that always has a burning log, regardless of seasons.

Your parents will make you super happy on the 8th, but on the 10th, a coworker is likely to piss you off. The latter is a general horoscope-wide theme this month, so for a final time, I will say this: everyone take Thursday the 10th off and nap all day instead. That solves problems.

All month long, you will be “alluring and magnetic, so you might meet someone special at one of the holiday parties you attend,” writes Susan. And by all means, go to these parties. Say yes to every invite that has a potentially attractive guest list and an open bar. “You have not seen Venus in your sign since October-November 2014, so this is special,” she writes. Some of you may have read that sentence with a Freudian slip somewhere around the word Venus. Either way, the dry spell is over.

Scorpio

Happiest of birthdays, Scorpios. If last month sucked, then welcome to the least hot nightclub in town where everyone was let in regardless of their birthday date but then once inside, the crowd looked around and said, “This blows.” (Q: Why didn’t anyone leave? A: Uber was surging. B: You can’t escape the planets.)

However, Susan Miller promises that the first half of November will rule in comparison. You are about to experience one of the strangest paradoxes I’ve seen in a ‘scope. On November 11, your social life is going to kick into high gear thanks to the new moon, Virgo and Venus acting as your personal Red Bull cocktail. (Hella wingz.) At the same time, you’ll finally be able to relax this month. This, my friends, is the holy grail of life.

BUT WHAT ABOUT LOVE?

Hang tight, Heart — hair band of all that is 1980s glory, I am getting there. Neptune, ruler of your love sector, has been retrograde since June. This almost makes me feel bad for giving shit primarily to Mercury (where’s a Uranus joke to lighten the mood when you need one). Neptune’s gonna kick it into high gear to round out romance in November, however. Floss and be ready for all the little cues of a potential dalliance.

Sagittarius

A word to the wise, Sag: start peppering your imminent birthday date into casual conversations and group text messages. Where this used to feel petty, it is now extremely important. Everyone is deleting their birthdates off Facebook; don’t add to the stress of your fellow celestial crew (or yourself) and just be up front. I’m telling you this because I want help you avoid friend drama on the 23rd. I’m also telling you because you’re about to be extremely successful in your career — plant the seeds now and the money tree should pop up around March 2016; think of the whole birthday thing as an exercise in prioritization and not procrastinating. OR SOMETHING. I’m mostly just scared I’m gonna forget.

With that PSA out of the way, let’s look toward November 8 when Venus, the planet of love, will make you undeniably charming until December 5th. Don’t say no to holiday parties just because you think the red Starbucks cups are starting too soon: how cute would a meet-cute sound if a meet-cute could meet meat (at a holiday fête)?

Capricorn

I DO NOT KNOW WHY SUSAN PUT THIS AT THE BOTTOM OF YOUR HOROSCOPE SO I AM PUTTING IT AT THE TOP IN CAPS: “The first week of November is also your best for finding beautiful things to wear for the coming season, so do some focused shopping!” Don’t have to tell you twice, amiright? (Try a mini skirt, a turtleneck or this sparkling bundle of funcrap.)

She did open with this, however, which is theoretically more important: “You have a beautiful chart at the moment, for it shows a lovely balance between career success and time for romance and friends.” Not that horoscopes are a contest, but when it comes to November, you might win.

You have until the 10th to work the most of your aphrodisiac magic. Friday, November 6, in particular, looks to be especially lucky. Wear a cool dress on the subway immediately and get yourself a date. No date? So what. Your social life this month will be packed with all the sol(ar) mates you need.

Aquarius

Money can’t buy you happiness but it can buy me one more month to tell you about love, right? We’ll do some smooching in December. Sorry to sound like a dad obsessed with your studies or high school football career, but for now, you need to focus on your professional life. It will pay off. The new moon on November 11 is going to light the shit out of your tenth house of honors, awards, achievement and fame. This isn’t just a good thing, Martha Stewart. It’s a great thing.

You also have the Sun and Mercury in this house, two planets that still call Jupiter and Pluto on their cell phone. The four of them are talking like a group of friends reunited after a weekend away together. But just as that eventually dies down, this connection is short-lived, too. Make the most of this time to do whatever you can: use your network, apply to everything, hand out your card and look at job listings. Push for the promotion. Negotiate salary benefits. Most importantly: reach for big steps up. Screw the lateral move! You’ve got the planets on your side for a very short time, so get rich or die trying.

But please don’t die.

Pisces

You can sort of nap until November 11th because for you, fish stick, that’s where the best part of the month is hanging out. Susan marks this as incredible time for you career-wise, though note that like the Aquababies above you, you’ll need the help of someone else to take Thriller’s prediction to the next level. (She suggests a headhunter, a business partner or an agent just in case your name is Vincent Chase.)

Slow-mofo Pluto is going to help you too, but imagine he’s on a stair chair ascending toward you: be patient. Pluto has been known to work miracles.

Jupiter is also getting in on the action. (Despite the threesome between Pluto, Jupiter and your sign, Uranus is nowhere to be found. Strange.) But Jupiter didn’t come for the orgy, oh no. Jupiter came to make it rain on you. 

Don’t know what to do with all that money? Put it where your Instagram can see it and plan a mid-month trip abroad.

Aries

Though it sounds counterintuitive, Susan Filofax Thriller wants you to schedule all of your socializing in the first two weeks of November and cancel everything else for the second half of the month besides Thanksgiving or large meals in general if you’re not American. Who needs plans when you’re blacked out on food?

But like Rihanna said, “Bla bla bla.”  Let’s talk about love instead. November 10th is your day, Casanova. We have the friendship of Jupiter and the sun to thank here. They’re going to high five — a cosmic clap that does not require antibiotics unless you get the old Honeymoon disease from excessive love making with your new romantic partner. Nothing really puts the kill on a buzzing fire quite like talk of UTIs and the stale-bread words “romantic partner,” but that’s just my point: I mentioned all those things and yet nothing can put the kill on your buzz come November 10th.

Here’s something interesting: the same date will also bring “strong, positives financial developments” per Susan. You know what else? She thinks your new crush might be someone at work. In the words of my mom: HAVE FUN, BE CAREFUL.

Taurus

You know how it feels like everyone has a significant other or is getting engaged except for you right now? …Our ruling planet Venus is no exception to that rule. She’s with her “lover,” Mars, and she’s all like, “4.6 billion years ago, I met my best friend!” But I swear this works in our romantic favor this November.

“A golden day for a tender love experience will be November 10,” writes Susan euphemistically about our projected sex lives. “Possibly your best day of the month. Jupiter will glide through your true love sector (fifth house) and link to the Sun in your commitment sector.” Sounds like the natural lubrication of astrological arousal.

The 11th will be our most important day courtesy of the new moon. It will push us to make commitments, so let’s sign papers, make partnerships official and say yes those sandals and that sexy dress. The 23rd will be stressful, but we made it through frickin’ October. Susan assures: we can handle this. Kelly Clarkson the shit out of this date, because what doesn’t kill us makes us stronger.

Gemini

You are going to like November so much more than October, and not because you’re one of those people who hates dressing up for Halloween but loves an ugly sweater convention. On November 3rd, it’s possible you met someone via a family member choreographed set up? That sounds terrifying, but maybe you have a cool older sister or a grandma active in the community. I know your sign, not your life.

On November 13, Venus and Saturn will be as cordial and lovely to one another as two friends are who’ve just gotten back together after a fight: “Darling Venus, will you kindly pass the salt?” “Of course I will, Saturn, thank you so very much for asking so nicely.” (Show idea: Downtown Abbey, but with planets. Didn’t they just sound British in the prior dialogue?) Note that Saturn, when it is not busy being a car company that no longer exists, is also the planet of long-term thinking. It brings together your house of love and marriage, like Peg Bundy. This means that talks of defining the relationship are bound to happen. “What are we” just got so less existential.

Cancer

If you’ve got a Pinterest board, Venus and Mars are going to help you redecorate. “To have both Venus and Mars together is a great blessing, for this rarely happens,” writes Suz, “these are known as the cosmic lovers, adding a sexy touch.” I know she’s talking about a funky zebra pillow or something, but what about the other kind of “sexy touch?”

On November 10, there’s a good chance that you could meet someone “when you least expect it,” so I’m sort of sorry I ruined your John Cusack moment. But now you won’t have to spend, like, half of a rom-com wearing one bad, boob-tent-y, corporate blue button down shirt. (Watch the skating rink scene of Serendipity then call me. You will know what I mean.) Pluto’s in your commitment center (remember: he can always take your last name, too, ya know) but what’s most exciting is that new moon on November 11. “It will be the first and only new moon of 2015 to have such a strong effect on your love life,” writes Matchmaker Miller. For your sign, this moon is practically Viagra.

Leo

Your November starts off with money, Leo. Feel free to take me out to lunch or something if you’re bored. But you won’t be! You will be too busy mopping up after your financially lucrative month that is apparently so financially lucrative, $usan Cha-Ching-Cha-Ching Miller found it hard to talk about anything else besides like, maybe don’t travel around the 23rd but do travel (within a very specific 500 miles of your home base) around November 13th. You’re gonna love the way book (it), I guarantee it.

November 10th is going to be one of the best for you. You’ll be happy on this day. Feel free to sleep until then, then swim in your money after. I hardly doubt anyone will care so long as you invite friends over to the pool in your newly redecorated mansion with three dogs, two Ferraris, one kid and crumpled up paper reminding you that although completely stupid and pointless, the game of MASH may have predicted more than we ever realized.

And if you have an interview this day? Lion in and negotiate that higher $alary.

Virgo

“Life is glorious,” Susan Miller remarks of your current state. What a nice way to start a horoscope, I think. She’s so excited for you because not only do you have Jupiter, Kel Thompson’s favorite word and the planetary giver of gifts and luck, in your sign for the first time in twelve years (that is almost a Bar Mitzvah!), you also have Mars in your sign, too.  With these two on your side (and this Google hangout will not last long — someone always has a “bad connection”) you’re likely to get a lot crossed off your seemingly ever-growing to do list.

Missed connections: Venus and Mars hooked up in your sign’s bed on November 1st. Then it happened again on November 2nd, but don’t be mad. When they Marvin Gaye and get it on, your love life blossoms because of their inner planetary romance. Keep your eyes out for The One. If you’re already locked down, the 18th could be the date for major movement forward. It will be positive, whatever it is, but remember: you can’t change someone. Food for thought if it seems like someone in the room is getting down on one knee while wearing velcro sneakers.

Libra

It’s business time, Libra. Not only in the way that Flight of the Conchords sang but also in business-business. As in, let’s get down to it. Mars is going to enter your sign on November 12th and hang out there until January 3rd. Per the Murray of this group, Susan Miller, this alignment means you will be in control. You’ll be the one calling the shots.

Jupiter and Pluto will be lingering like groupies around the new moon of November 11th, but they will end up helping you increase your income. Remember: the planets assist and create energy (and are great for blaming things) but you’re the one who has to take action to make your WiLdEsT DrEaMz happen. You’ll be very lucky in the days following the new moon, but it won’t last. “You must use it or lose it, dear Libra,” says Miller.

Now let’s talk the other kind of business: shopping. We all know the power that clothing and beauté has when it comes to influencing how we act. Color your hair or buy a new something that makes you feel good November 17th or 18th. You either already know someone, will meet someone as a result or you don’t/won’t. At the very least, you’re going to have fun.

Virgo

Happy Birgo, Virgo. You’re probably the only dude not bummed about month numero nine, especially since you’ve got Jupiter in your sign for the next 12 months — something you’ve been waiting 12 years for, apparently. Desper…anyway! But why do we care about Kel Mitchell’s favorite planet? Because it makes everything golden like a flash tat aftermath.

As for love? Yes please. Coming your way today (omg) and again on the 12th and 13th. That’s fashion week, so it could mean falling for a pair of shoes, too. If you’re reading this on the proposed Wednesday, take note: With Mars in the hood, Cupid may hit you where the good lord split you (Uranus jokes are possible even without the planet present!) and cause you to crush on someone who is definitely a bad idea. Be choosey — someone better will be close around the corner.

Libra 

Can you even beLibra it’s September?! Me eitha. I actually can because I own a calendar despite hating the picture that corresponds with my own birth month. The early part of Sept. is going to be quiet for you. This is good. It probably means you won’t do anything weird over Labor Day Weekend to cause Tuesday Terrors. You could potentially have a creepy recurring dream or psychological breakdown around the 13th (who couldn’t, though) to which Suzy Roo just wants you to see a therapist. The usual.

Your big day is the 27th, when a total eclipse of the moon will arrive in Aries and really shake shit up with your alliance in love or business. The relationship may change dramatically (Susan Drama Miller for you) but thanks to other planets doing planet stuff, the results will be ever in your favor. You know what they say: lint is a shell’s best friend. And things happen for a reason.

Scorpio

Nothing like starting a horoscope off with an old-fashioned pickup line: “If you were a stock on the Stock Exchange,” writes Susan Miller as she leans casually against the bar, “the evening news anchor would be reporting that your stock is currently climbing through the roof.” Dow ow! Things are going from good to better for you. You’ve been killing it at work too, and you still will, but this month is also going to bring much-needed balance, meaning more time for friends and romance.

Sagittarius

I think you’re about to become famous, or at the very least, become the Oprah of your own career field. Everything you’ve ever dreamed of when it comes to makin’ bacon is going to come true — partially thanks to the planets of course, but stop being bashful: you’ve worked hard. It’s at least 60% thanks to you, too! Make sure you’re dedicated to getting the payment you deserve along with the limelight, of course. Speak up, lean in and demand that byline.

Now’s the ideal time to go on vacation — a final hurrah while the planets are beefing up good aura vibes in your favor. You’re literally sneezing magnetism (you should get that checked, could be mild lead poisoning) but it also means you just might meet someone at the cruise ship’s magic show even though you’re sitting right between both your parents.

Capricorn

I hate the word “horny,” if you were wondering why I’ve never made a pun using your sign in that way. Anywho!

Though your career and finances are on the uptick, it’s travel that Suz focused on for you: “You are excited about taking off on your magic carpet to experience the sounds, tastes, colors, and scents of new cities, towns, and hamlets, very possibly based abroad,” she writes. Let’s take a moment to appreciate her use of the word hamlet then cogitate below about where the hell you’re going.

Now, if you can’t get away but you’re feeling the itch, you should first see a dermatologist, then set up a few international calls or meet French people on the subway and call it a damn day. Oddly enough, she didn’t mention love — but I think we can all assume it’s implied when travel is involved. Something about those altitudes.

Aquarius

Here is the Susan I know and love: today you will receive a “highly romantic and rare vibration…these two cosmic lovers will meet in your marriage sector. Both planets will be found in your opposite sign of Leo, and both will be in ideal angle to Uranus.” Vibration, cosmic lovers, Uranus: it’s where the magic happens.

Because Mercury — which rules your love sector — is going retro on the 17th, you may find yourself falling back into a leg tangle with someone you previously danced with. Horizontally. You know. But for once in your life, this will actually be a good decision. People mature, old dogs learn new tricks, and when stars align, bullshit fades. You may have to recite the old “He’s changed and I’ve changed” speech once or twice to your friends, but they’ll come around. They’re just being good lighthouses and looking out.

Pisces

“This will be an extraordinary month to be a Pisces,” says Thriller, though I have to be honest — she doesn’t go into a lot of detail. Your horoscope is shorter than usual (she probably was on vacation) but she didn’t give me a lot of her typical weird to work with. Still, no one said fabrication is a crime so long as the pattern’s pretty. Therefore:

A) Venus and Leo will have a positive conference call regarding your career, highlighting your LinkedIn page with so much neon yellow that recruiters will be rendered unable to miss it.

B) Mars is making a money stew in your sign. The pasta is shaped like this: $$$.

C) The solar eclipse on September 12-13 will make you feel ready to settle down. The uptick on dating apps once everyone finally stays put for a fall weekend means your likelihood of matching with a total star-studded banner is high. What? Exactly, because nothing says love like the sound of crunched leaves and confusion.

Aries

Susan Miller is being ca-razy. Total MOAC. Last night was a Tuesday and she wanted you to go out because if you’re single, you could have met someone. If you are tethered, you two would have had a romantic evening and consumed a normal amount so as not to avoid a coma upon “bed time.” The good news, in case you’re reading this and sobbing at your missed opportunity (technically my fault since you’re getting this a day late, but I wasn’t the one who stayed in) you can replicate the evening tonight.

In fact, the whole month is looking promising. Make sure you hit the town (#endlesssummer — don’t let September stop your groove! You’ll sleep in February! That month sucks!) because no matter where you go, you might meet the human of your dreams.

Now here’s a weird and fun September Susan Miller prediction: you may change your hair this month. If not your hair, then definitely your name. The artist formerly known as…

Taurus

Our love life is literally improving by the hour. You may have felt a bit of the flirt last month, but in September more than ever, our wheels are really kicking into high gear. We’re like Carrie Bradshaw with so many dates and less annoying questions. An important piece of advice: be open to different types. No need to close yourself off just because the potentially cute person who asked for your number is wearing shoes you’d rather chuck at a loud chewer’s head. (Also important advice: this whole swoon-y business may also pertain to an actual partner in business, as in, you and your boss could just start getting along better. But even so: it’s a month for romance!)

Kindly note that the power of baby making is also sitting pretty in our sign. This is so nice for anyone with a birth plan or a couch that is used for sitting as opposed to magazine storage, but for those of you who are unprepared to make proper use of your nips — JUST BE CAREFUL! Sounds like a lot of action is in the air. You never know. I once read that you can get pregnant from an awkward pause.

Gemini

I am going to take a wild guess that you just heard great news about your job. Am I right? If not, then just sit on your damn hands and wait — it’s coming.

For all your early Halloween planners (who else already knows what they’re going to be?) this is your ‘scope: Susan wants you to start planning a Halloween party now because Venus and Mars will be hooking up again (they just did last night, in case you missed the first love boat) and I guess hosting them incentivizes them to bring their cute friend that you keep asking about.

Also, while love is super important, so is friendship. Two things: one, you may feel like a friend is bowing out around the 27th. Don’t take it personally — you two will get back in the groove once she’s out of her funk. (I repeat: it will not be about you.) Two is courtesy of Suz, live and direct: “Friends will have exceptional ideas on September 8 – check your email!” What’s my password again?

Cancer

Are you reading this from the airport? Susan Miller thinks you might be, or should be. She also thinks you should buy a car because she is totally reasonable. (If you actually are in the market for a vehicle, don’t sign anything from 9/17 — 10/9 because of Mercury’s little trip to Club Retrograde that it’s planning. Hopefully you guys won’t be on the same flight.)

Meanwhile, Mars is “entering a conversation with Venus” on September 8. Back in my day, we called this a Booty Call. The difference here is that this conversation will be good for your career.

But what about that booty call? Glad you asked. Saturn is going to leave your love sector on 9/17 — same day Mercury’s peacing out too, don’t you planets have jobs? — but Saturn’s departure is, like Martha Stewart would say, “a good thing.” All obstacles that have previously stood in the way when it comes to love (money, location, an inability to look beyond his idiosyncratic ticks) will disappear. You’ll be able to see clearly now that the rain is gone, and it’s gonna be a bright, (bright), bright, (bright) sun-shiny day.

Leo

Hey Leos, I sure do hope you like being rich! Susan predicts a “financial bounty” this month for your sign. Be careful at the beginning of the month — have your lawyer/mom look over any important money-related documents and try not to finalize anything until around the 13th. Then you can play super soakers in your money-rain.

Regarding romance, yesterday was supposed to be your best day. However, today’s outlook isn’t so bad, either. Not sure what your work to love-life ratio looks like, but if it’s less than that of the newest dating app, then get your butt out of your swivel chair and hoof it to your nearest salad store. You never know who you could meet in line. You also never know who could like chopped hard boiled eggs and raisins like you. It’s possible, too, that you could meet someone on September 6th, proof that life is just one big rom-com plot: you won’t recognize this stranger as someone-someone. Not until a few weeks later, at least, in which case, what a funny story.

Cancer

Who lives in a pineapple under our galax-sea? Cancer Square Pants!

Channel the eye of the tiger shrimp this month and grab life by the claws, Krabby Patty, because if you focus on making money you’ll bake that dough into a five star crab cake.

On July 8, your ruler, Neptune — the planet and not Ariel’s dad — will collaborate with Mars who is all up in your creative house. This makes Wednesday the ideal day to pitch visions and mindstorm ideas since your brain will be on fire (which also gives you incentive to call out of work in case you have a “headache”).

You’ll be primed to fall in love on July 15 thanks to Saturn’s angle to the new moon, and if this wasn’t already an ideal bday-scope, note this: on July 11, we’ll be posting the Writer’s Club story about crabs. (Deadline’s July 9, btw!)

Aries

The 1st of July brought one disco ball of a new moon, priming you to fall in love or get a raise. I’ll be on the d-floor doing the Hustle in your honor for both.

July 25 will affect all of us because Venus is retrograding (that planet literally never takes a vacation, so chill) but Susan Miller wants you to be aware of it because Mars is simultaneously mad at Uranus, who’s in Aries. (Hook up drama.) WHY YOU CARE: because you may get really pissed at someone and want to flip a table, Teresa Giudice style. Do not. Breathe. Take a knee. Your actions could have a negative Domino effect, so in Susan’s words, “be diplomatic.”

Or be Diplo! He has such a fun Instagram, and since he’s a deejay with one of the main contenders for Song of the Summer, his is the perfect identity to take on for a giant party or social event that you’ll be invited to. (Suz stresses that it’s an important one for your future, so go.)

Taurus

Can you say sky-cowabunga?! I sure can and I just did, which I hardly regret because this month Mars wants us to travel frequently, and by the sea. You don’t have to ask me twice, Susan.

Instead, she asked thrice more that we travel near water within her many, many, many paragraphs — a welcome change from her usual humdrum about Taurusiiz being loyal and needing to get to the gym and whatnot.

Speaking of the gym! Venus will go retrograde July 25. We’re encouraged to not make any dramatic aesthetic changes (no new pillows, no new friends, etc) until after Labor Day. Surely this means we can take a break from the crunches, because we wouldn’t want to accidentally get abs and fuck up the solar system or something, amIright? Let’s just focus on eating and being merry instead. With the exciting career development that’s headed our way on July 31, #wedeserveit.

Gemini

Hope you like the smell of campfire, Gemini, because Capricorn and Venus are hooking up in the celestial counselor cabin, which means a giant spark will be lit in your own love life.

If you need to purchase real estate or like, say yes to an engagement, try to structure your “yes” so that it falls on July 21. July 22 is another good day to sign important papers but run fast, far and wide if someone’s trying to serve you with a restraining order in the supermarket parking lot for “stalking” (whatever) Miles Teller.

There’s a blue moon on July 31, which will not only conjure up the sweet sounds of Elvis Presley (a more angular Teller with sideburns, no?) but it will — and this is vague — “help you get to where you want to be.”

Leo

Let’s focus on July 8 exclusively for you, because it’s creepier than usual, in a cool way:

Mars will be in your twelfth house of the subconscious, which I did not know we even had. Our solar system’s real estate investments are really kept under the radar, apparently. So Mars, hanging out at its “beach cottage” (or whatever the humble-braggy geotag is on Instagram), will call up Neptune and invite it over.

Now, Neptune is in your eighth house of mysteries and transformations (Southampton summer share — #10MeadowLane baby!), which means that on this day you may feel “outstandingly intuitive,” per the Thriller. “Even psychic,” she adds.

Listen to that voice inside your head. (The smart one, not the drunk one who writes “creative text messages” for you at 3 a.m.) Heed its words of caution and wisdom. Whatever it says is true. “Alternatively,” Susan adds, “You may have a prophetic dream.” If that’s not freaky, then my Friday wasn’t either.

Virgo

“Your big moment will come on July 15 at the new moon in Cancer 23 degrees, to open a portal in your solar eleventh house of friends, new faces, people, and events,” writes Susan Miller. Either she didn’t elaborate or my reading comprehension is poor bordering on non-existent, but I’m pretty sure she didn’t specify and rather, means “moment” in the same way Rachel Zoe does.

However, Uranus, Planet of Butts, will be in hard angle to the new moon, probably because the moon sucks at eating fiber. A friend of yours may piss you off (maybe regarding your moment!!) so keep your eye on anyone suspicious and try to suss out weird behavior early. Or don’t, because that sounds paranoid and exhausting. Instead, take comfort in knowing that your core crew will stand by you like a young River Phoenix plus his three ruff-n-tumble pals. Together, you’ll make July the kind of month that feels somewhat appropriate when described as “epic.”

Libra

Don’t get mad: your guardian planet, Venus, is going retrograde from July 25th to September 6th. But Venus never takes a vacation — once every two years, maybe (the planet that keep you looking fine knows it has to shine that good lighting all the time!) so go easy on the hate mail. Besides, think of it like your mom: with Venus away, you can play.

And by play I mean plan a party! Because Venus’s backwards spa visit will affect your friendship house, it’s the perfect time to reconnect with friends you haven’t seen in ages. Invite literally everyone over who’s ever texted you, “I haven’t seen you in sooooo long!,” or, “Are you dead?” and throw a rager. Surprise! You’re not dead! The funny thing is Susan Miller actually specifically says not to do this: “it would not be the time to have a big, lavish party or charity fundraiser,” but I’m still running on vacation fumes and say fuq the police — have your damn charity fundraiser.

PS: On July 31, you’re falling in love.

Scorpio

Feeling extra famous this month? You should. Venus and Jupiter are playing the role of Ari and Lloyd to your Season 1 Vincent Chase.

Only July 15, Suzan Thriller thinks you should take a vacation and hit the water — any water will do, really, but she notes that Uranus, which is being the worsssst, may try to mess things up with one of those “Hey I know it’s a Friday, but” emails. Tell Uranus to BUTT the eff out, however, by just not checking your email on Friday before your slip-n-slide extravaganza. Pretend to check it and say things like, “What’s going on with my email?! This is so weird!” It’s not the most mature plan, but it’s currently July 6 and you, my friend, still need a tan.

Sagittarius

If you read your June horoscope on Susan Miller’s website, you’ll see she wanted you to “kidnap your partner” and fly him or her to an island on July 1. That was a nice idea in theory but we’ve all seen Jawbreaker, so hopefully you just said, “Surprise!,” then asked where or if they’d like to go before employing any rogue vacationing.

Now, good news/bad news for the rest of the month. Good news! The new moon of July 15 could bring a “large influx of cash” from a work project. Bad news! Uranus is being a dick — it’ll be sunburned from that ray of literal sunshine’s hard angle and might throw a stick in your beer, thus screwing up plans. Keep your “antennae” up, as Susan Miller, apparent bug enthusiast, suggests, and get details/contract language/font style tightened up and approved now. Then go drink a margarita while the days are still long.

Capricorn

Look. You just came off of a holiday weekend so I’m not here to fuck up your Monday. However, I’d be remiss to not inform that the 15th might suck a bit: problems with your apartment or roommate, concerns about your family, bla bla bla thanks a lot Susan Monday Scaries Miller. Venus is also going to take a break and go retrograde starting the 25th, and Venus rules your looks.

But we can handle this. Problems with your apartment or roommate? Go away on vacation until they (your roommate/landlord) assume you’re a fugitive and stop texting you. Works like a charm. Concerned about your family? Now you know how they feel! Send flowers and a selfie and all will be well. As for Venus, you don’t need a planet to look fly. Just avoid cutting your hair or getting Botox until September 6 and you’ll be fine as pink wine. Bonus: you might get rich July 21!

Aquarius

Susan really laid your love life on thick for the beginning of the month then dropped the ball after day 3, so I can only assume/hope that you met a handsome royal with a great hairline who has managed to stay out of the public eye entirely while living a charitable yet private existence — like an early Amanda Bynes movie.

…And then she says this about some work-related thing: “I am more concerned about the tight, hard mathematical 90-degree angle of Uranus, your guardian planet, to the new moon on July 15, which might make the project slide off the rails.” I too would be concerned about the use of “90-degree angle” and “anus” in the same sentence, so watch your ass by staying alert and vigilant. Eye on the Wi-Fi with Time Warner on your cell’s speed dial at all times.

Pisces

I hope you like fun and love, Apple Pisces, because Mars — which Susan is suddenly calling “the action planet” as though it’s the new CrossFit — will be in your fifth house of true swoon all month.

Meanwhile, you’ve got money makers Venus and Jupiter pumping gold-not-iron in your sixth house of work assignments, which means that, while it sucks to work when the summer sun is shining, you’ll enter August (I know it’s only July, stop yelling at me!) with a fat wad of cash in your UV-ray-proof bank account. Money over tans, ya’ll. Dolla dolla billz.

Gemini 

Happy Birthday, Gemini! While you are busy preparing exactly how to word your Facebook status in order to properly thank the Academy for wishing you a joyous womb-exit, Mercury is busy preparing how to fuck shit up for 9 more days; Mercury loves to milk that retrograde. Because the planet has invited itself to your birthday whether you invited it or not, guard yourself against any technological catastrophes by keeping your cellphone in your purse for the duration of the celebration.

As for an actual birthday present, you will be glad to know that tomorrow, June 2 — with the full moon in all its butt flashing, white light glory — an important relationship will be made official. Whether you DTR (no more, “That Guy I’m Hooking Up With”) or actually get engaged (“I said yes!”) avoid signing anything until the 12th. Single as a dingle? Ask your boss to hang out. Maybe she’ll make you partner out of sheer boredom!

Cancer

I had a Saturn in college (an SUV, not the planet) and it was great for a while but then after four years it decided to stop being a car and start being a road block. Similarly, Solar System Saturn is going to cause a major although hopefully not financial inconvenience as well. According to $uz, it will move back into your “romantic sector” from June 14 to September 17 which may “cause a temporary separation between you and your love, at no fault of your own.” <– So don’t go blaming yourself, as Oprah would say. And don’t go breaking my heart, as Elton John sang.

But Kiki Dee, it doesn’t mean a breakup! It just means your dance partner in the horizontal tango may have to work in another city, or maybe you’re moving downtown while he stays uptown. If you’re meant to be, you guys will find a way. If you’re not, I’ll teach you how to use the subway. Turns out public transportation is way easier than trying to parallel park a planet, and if you’re a romantic, it’s ripe with opportunities to meet the love of your love.


Leo

Do you want to fall in love? Do you want to get pregnant? Do you want to host a baby on your home-grown all-you-can-eat buffet? Do you want me to stop asking questions? If you answered yes to any of the above prying queries, then get ready, Lion Kingdom: as per usual, everything the light touches is yours. (Note: to all Leos not ready to be an Easy Bake Oven, let’s just say your life in general will be fertile.)

If you are single, attend events. You’ve got Gemini and Jupiter acting as a fantastic tag-team. And if you can wait until the last weekend of June, here’s a cool sentence from Suz: “Venus in Leo will be flirt with Uranus, setting up a gorgeous weekend for travel and romance.” So get out there and do flirts; love is just around the river bend.

Virgo

Ok Don Draper, you are a career-focused machine on the rise this month, so it’s less about the love for you. No, I technically did not watch Man Men, but I am online enough to gather that he was great at his job and he looked good in suits. I’ve heard through the gossip girls that he also once killed a stripper, so I’m not calling you Don Draper in that way. It’s more about the whole rise to fame and success kind-o-thing. You’ll kill an important presentation, not a human.

Anyway! You do have Mars in your social sector from June 24 to August 8 per our sassy secretary of the stars, which means that you’re in store for the kind of nights where you go out in sneakers, don’t give a fuck about guys, and have yourself a variety of TOYLs. That’s Time of Your Life(s) for those of you who break down acronyms like a gluten-intolerant baby does a bagel.

Libra 

Did you know that Uranus is the natural ruler of your solar fifth house of love? Well it is, and on Tuesday, June 9, Mars is poking it on Facebook at just the right angle until a lovely romantic episode appears out of nowhere — *~poof~* — like a happy cloud.

On June 10, a romantic partner may surprise you as well. Or a business partner, so get after that career, working girl. LinkUp with a Virgo; sounds like you two are heading toward CEO-city. With Jupiter in Leo getting glittered on by Uranus on June 22, if you are single, you might meet someone who is single, too. And they’ll be interesting. You know, the kind of interesting where you text your friend, “I met someone totally weird but kind of cool and if they don’t make a hair doll of me then this might be love.”

If you are attached, he or she will remind you why, at one point in the relationship, you would have super-glued your noses together if it weren’t for allergies.

Scorpio 

So fine, maybe I didn’t choose the best month for a love-themed Repell-o-scope. Especially not for the Scorpios where Susan literally waited until the very end of your sign to say this: “When will romance fit into this month? The answer is during the last third, when the Sun and Mars roll into your highly compatible sign of Cancer. You will be too busy this month gathering up every possible career goodie you can find. Let your social life rest a little. There’s plenty of time in July to enjoy life.”

I know you’re thinking, Great. July is in one month which means 29 days left of walking in a single’s wonderland. But Scorpios! Don’t let this bum you out! A) There’s always celeboyfriends, B) single doesn’t mean you’re not smooching a stranger and C) there’s more to life than love-labels. You know, like the fact that money is about to rain down as though Toto blessed it.


Sagittarius

If you’re reading this on June 2 then it’s too late or just right depending on your idea of a good time. Uranus, the planet of surprise, is positioned well to the new moon today which means you’re about to get hit with something lovely yet unexpected. It may be moon toots, it may be love. (On June 27 & 28 — a super romantic weekend for you — it’s definitely love.)

It may also — especially after the above weekend — be a baby! Jupiter and Uranus assume babies are always good news and could bring a pregnancy “whether you are ready or not,” according to Suz. This is funny for two reasons: 1) science has always taught us that you can’t get pregnant from Uranus and 2) when you assume you make an ass out of you and me.

Dear Grandma, I’m so sorry if you are reading.

Capricorn 

Alright. I did the whole “command-F-love-romance” thing on your Astrology Zone ‘scope and found little mention of either word, but that’s okay because I read between the lines like Double Stuffed Oreos.

Consider the following:

Suzan said this: “With the same emphasis on your sixth house at the new moon June 16, the Sun, Mars, and Mercury will stir your office life and make it very busy, so this would not be the right time to take a vacation.”

I read “stir your office life” as “your summer hook up may be right under your nose so long as he/she isn’t an intern unless you’re both interns in which case, have fun, be safe, don’t text nudes.”

I read “not the right time to take a vacation” as “use a ‘sick day’ instead.”

If it isn’t love, it might be hangover — residual proof that you may be getting too old for Fireball shots, but that no one is too old for a post-spring fling.

Aquarius 

Guys, Susan is calling you out: “So many times when I go on Twitter, readers ask, ‘When will love be coming for me, an Aquarius?'” (Someone from Team Taurus may or may not have direct-messaged her about this as well, so ain’t no shame in our game.)

But she’s also listening. “Over the past ten months, the planets have been favoring those members of your sign who are attached.” (This is Jupiter’s doing.) However, “the cosmos is planning a wonderful celebration to wish good fortune Jupiter well as he packs his bags to move on to another sign. You will benefit in an outstanding way from the party the planets have planned for Jupiter in August.”

A party, eh? First of all, invite Capricorn. Second of all, planets, throw the party at my apartment because Susan said Taurii may find love at a home-grown rager. In those words. If you want to host your own fête, Mars is in your house of true love on June 5. BUT. Don’t run to Vegas until after June 11 should you meet your penguin mid-shindig. The Retrograde, remember?

Pisces 

No one really considers June part of the summer, right? We mope around and complain about how our winter bodies are still insulating us (which is a good thing because currently, winter weather is still freezing us despite IT BEING JUNE). So, take the next few weeks to do a few jumping jacks (or not — you’re perfect the way you are, but exercise has been shown to make you smile or some shit!) and prepare yourself emotionally for the month’s end, because, it will be your time to celebrate like disco never died.

If you are attached, you may get married. Sorry for spoiling the surprise.

If you’re single, Mars into Cancer from June 24 to August 8 will open the doors to a club called The Universe where you, my friend, could find love of your life. You know how they say, “Plenty of hot fish in the cool sea?” Guess what, Pisces. That means you.

Aries

Your sign is getting the old beam-from-Uranus — “a jewel of 2015,” per Susan. “Jupiter will bring on great possibilities for you to suddenly find love or if you are attached, to surprise your partner with an enchanting night filled with surprise and luxury.” (Best dates for this prediction: June 20 & 21.)

Now, I know she says this kind of thing a lot, but while this kind of thing will happen again in December 2019, Uranus will no longer be in Aries (I acknowledge that the sentence would have been funnier if the planets were swapped, but I can’t rewrite the universe, you know). Likewise, Jupiter will no longer be in Leo — your house of true love. You know what that means? The planetary magic moment that will occur on that second-to-last weekend in June will only happen once in a lifetime. Grab the bull by the balls and tell Summer you love her. If Seth can do it, so Cohen you.


Taurus

Typically one doesn’t want to hear the words “bubble up,” “Uranus” and “vacation” in the same sentence — however, all bets are off when Susan Miller’s involved, because she used these three words to deliver great news involving our love life. Allow me to paraphrase and avoid any further mental images of Montezuma’s Revenge: Venus and the Butt Stuff Planet will have great chemistry on the last weekend in June. It’s best-activated if you get out of town or, if your parents are away and you live in the 1980s, throw a party. The cops may shut it down, but who cares about hand cuffs when you’re falling in love? Besides Christian Grey.

Taurus 

OH MAY GOD, HAPPY BIRTHDAY, FELLOW BULLS!!! I hope your wildest dreams come true. Before you start objecting with all of the weird shit that you dream about, however, let’s talk about love: if you’re in a relationship, you’re about to take the Next Step. (Promposals, DTRs and engagements flowing like wine up in here.) If you’re single, Susan’s consolation prize is that work will rule and your professional relationships will soar, which is like, great, thanks so much Suz, I am never not leaning in, but what about a damn spring fling? Ask and ye shall receive!

Our guardian planet Venus is touring Cancer and is in our short-term-vacay house from May 7 until June 5, which, if you don’t speak planets, means that you should get your share house weekends squared up stat and get the heck out of dodge. Away games are about to be your jam when it comes to meeting a mate, so pack your bags and find a hot piece of toast upon which to spread that strawberry jelly.

Mercury’s going into retrograde on May 18th because when the hell is it not fucking shit up, so keep your cellphone away from water and don’t touch electrical outlets — you know the deal. The good Suz is we get a new moon on this same day, which means big, exciting new chapters are beginning for us celestial male cows.

Gemini 

Try doing nothing until the 10th so that you can conserve your energy like a polar bear who has just emerged from a six-month hibernation and is hungry as fuck, if you can, because on the 11th, you have Mars on your side. This planet will make you “passionate, courageous, energetic, determined, and sexy too,” per Miller-comma-Susan, which means that now is the time to finally tell the world about that secret project you’ve been working on. Stamp collectors, I’m talking to you. Underground claymation artists? Come on, out with it! Show the world what you’ve got and the world will celebrate it as though you just sent a mass email announcing bagels in the office kitchen.

Boring stuff really fast: guard your health for planetary reasons that will make you fall asleep at your desk if I describe them. Beware Mercury’s retrograde, but don’t be scared of it. Just be prepared for your iPad to make phantom pinging noises and don’t start anything new-new until after June 27th. (I say new-new because technically you can start something new if it involves someone old, hence “retro.” I am pretty sure taking up rollerskating as a new hobby counts, for example, because it was popular in the 1970s and maybe you did it when you were 10-year-old as well.)

You’re more attractive than ever this week because Mars is in Gemini (that’s your sign in case you had amnesia for a sec), so get out of the house, put a shirt on backwards and kiss every guy that looks like even remotely like Miles Teller, because why not! Other than cold sores!

Cancer 

Have you been feeling run down? Warn out? Like you can’t take care of yourself? Like a dull knife or shitty blender in the beginning of an infomercial where the actress playing a mom practically has a breakdown and throws her impossible-to-cut mango at the wall? Then this month of May is for you!

It’s going to feel busy in a good way until the 11th (socializing with friends, falling in love thanks to Venus, the usual). Then the day of double-ones will come and everything is going to quiet down, which means that you, too, can take a minute and check in with yourself. Maybe you can make like Leandra and take up meditating. (If this overwhelms you, don’t let it. Here’s a how-to for skeptical/beginner ohm-ers.)

“One of your most romantic evenings will arrive on Friday, May 15, or Saturday, May 16,” wrote Susan. “Venus will waltz with dreamy Neptune across a star-studded sky.” My birthday is on the 17th so feel free to come waltz-in-love with me, guys! Following this, you’re going to feel tired, so take this time to reel it in and reconnect with your couch. (Meditating, I told ya.) And just avoid the 22nd altogether, if you can. You have a whole summer ahead of you: a few weeks sans rage-fest will not only kill you, it will make you stronger. -Kelly Clarkson.

Leo 

I’ve had zero — count ’em — zero Uranus jokes thus far because that planet is taking a nap for once — so allow me to paint a picture of two white butt cheeks in the sky for you when I say the next line: thanks to the full moon last night, you’ll be feeling very creative today/this week! Butts really do it for some people, you know? Whatever lights you up.

Speaking of creativity and not so much butts, you’ll be focused on your home this month. Pisces will too, so feel free to tag a friend and see if they want to go to Home Depot with you to pick out lamps. Note: most people would rather get their face run over by a bus than visit Home Depot (namely me since I spent the better half of my childhood there), but I highly encourage you to visit for the sake of fulfilling the universe’s prophecy. Who knows — perhaps you could meet the rug or human of your daydreams. If you already know this person, then force them to come with you. If can’t stand the thought of Home Depot, then ditch your spouse for an hour and roll solo to Ikea, or just visit the lightbulb aisle of CVS. I don’t know!

I do know that Mars is doing big things for your career, and that you’re probably getting rich, famous or penning the next Great American Novel as I write this, so tally ho, Tinker Bell. Around the 22nd, book a spa day for Memorial Day weekend and all will be well.

Virgo 

Virgo, I hope you have a whole bunch of air-miles saved, gas in the tank and pep in your freaky step because this month is about travel for you. Mini trips or dramatic escapes are going to inspire you and promote creativity, productivity and probably love, because why not. Use this as an excuse when you ask to take a Friday off and your boss reminds you that you used up all of your vacation days to go on spirit journey in February (AKA, you discovered Netflix and fell into a blackhole of televised catch up), to which you can always tell your boss that she’s got you confused with Dave in accounting who doesn’t exist so no one gets in trouble.

They call that a win-win in the old country.

If you absolutely in no way can travel, then Susan is either A) a liar or B) making a Diana Vreeland metaphor, because it was she who said that the eye has to travel, and maybe your eye is spending a lot of time on Pinsta and Insta, hence your creativity. Your horoscope is only as real as your ability to bullshit, you know?

Important to note: Mars is moving into Gemini (to save rent, most likely), and will sleep on Gem’s couch until June 24. While that sounds like Mars is freeloading, it means great things for your career, so brush up your resume, find an interview outfit that doesn’t have coffee stains, and prepare your briefcase for corporate battle — you’re moving up in the word!

Libra 

Allow me to quote Susan so you don’t consider me the messenger and accidentally pull my hair or something: “Mercury is about to go retrograde from May 18 to June 11, causing miscommunications, understandings, postponements, and snags that will come up out of the blue.” Just beware of that information (don’t sign things, have important conversations before or after, use it as an excuse to cancel plans, etc.) and embrace the creativity and werewolves that last night’s full moon brought.

On the second new moon (which also happens to be the same day that Mercury’s retrosuck begins, May 18), you’re going to be focused on your finances. Because the two are coinciding, Susan wants you to avoid financial negotiations. But! She never ONCE said anything about you avoiding the following: making it rain, falling randomly into an enormous inheritance, or finding out that you are actually the Royal Baby.

I wish I had more to give you on the love front this month, but know this: your career is going to kill it, and everyone always says that you gotta do you before you “I do” someone else. (But definitely “do you” when it comes to you doing others as far as doing It, know what I mean? I won’t preach anything except safety and post-coital snacks. The stars can’t rule everything in your life.) A final do: DO be patient until June. That’s when Cupid’s coming for you.

Scorpio 

The beginning of this month brings the end of a chapter in a positive way for you, ScoropiOh-no-you-didn’t. You’re going to get a burst of energy this month, which it sounds like you’ll need: from about the 10th until the 21st your partner (maybe in love, maybe in horizontal tangoing, maybe in regular upright tangoing, maybe in business) will come to you with something that’s been bugging them. Thanks to the moon dust you’ll have the tools you need to sort this shit out, and you’ll be stronger for it after the fact. And a better dancer!

We’re dealing with a dumb ass Mercury retrograde in the middle of the month, in case you haven’t heard yet, but in your case specifically, Susan cautions again taking a new job. See if you can be patient until August when you will have the career luck of Ryan Seacrest.

Susan suggested May 16 as a good time to stock up on new makeup. If you do, may I suggest you try your hand at beauty vlogging as well? If you don’t wear makeup — either because you’re lazy, or have an eye thing, or you don’t actually know how to take it off once it’s on, then whatever. Stock up on shrimp-covered platforms and earrings shaped like ferns instead. Why? Because Venus and Neptune are going to start a band called Your Day for Love — and whether you’re single and whining about it or single and loving it, or taken or shaken or crispy chip flakin’ — there’s no kind of love like the kind for yourself, right? KumbaYA.

Sagittarius

Following yesterday’s possibly introverted mood, you’re going to be making big moves with a partner this month. Susan doesn’t mention love specifically, so I will: you’ll probably make a boyfriend! Or a girlfriend! Just not an enemy! But don’t let that distract you: it’s a big, productive month for you Sag Habor-ittariuses. You’ve got Mars in Taurus until the 10th, and if you’ve ever gone down to Wall Street to see tourists taking photos of themselves touching bull-balls, then you know that Mars mingling with the celestial bull is, as Martha Stewart says, a good thing.

Following this, a new moon is coming to bolster the effect of the balls. Note that this happens around May 18th — which also happens to be Mercury’s stupid time for retrograding (more like retro-downgrading, am I right, House of Horoscopes?!) but it’s actually going to have a positive effect in the case of your career because it means working with old clients/past coworkers/possibly Oprah in even bigger capacities.

Tip: Pretend this month is like a summer Friday and try to get everything important done early. The retrograde is going to make everything feel sleepy.

Capricorn 

“You had a very weighty April,” wrote Susan. That seems sort of rude considering she doesn’t know your fitness journey, but what she means is weighty in the emotional sense. Luckily, she continues! “The universe is about to give you a wonderfully social, happy month of May. The minute the month takes off, you will have a full moon in Scorpio 13 degrees, May 3, likely to bring an event over the May 2-3 weekend that will put you in the center of many smiling people.”

Well, you tell me, be-horned beings. Did this happen? Were you smiling? Did you bet a lot of money on American Pharoah and win? Did you get an award for the best hat contest?

While everyone is going to be busy complaining about Mercury’s retrograde, you’ll be focused instead on love. Who needs a working telephone or a functioning computer when you have big fat hearts in your life? The new moon of May 18 is going to set your romantic world on fire — and while that sort of sounds like a UTI, I assure you it is not.

Aquarius 

Alright, Aquamuffin. I have some news that will make your scales shimmer brighter than that sparkly fish who everyone made fun of until Bianca Jagger and Australian Fashion Week and Elton John were like, you guys, disco balls are cool: “Mars will enter Gemini and your fifth house of true love on May 11 and remain there until June 24.” Then Susan Miller said, “Wow!” which I think is so cute — we should all say “Wow!” more often and just as emphatically and less ironically. It’s good for the soul.

Her “wow” was especially earnest and Lichtenstein-ian in visual nature because apparently, it’s been two damn years (you’re probably like, no shit) since you’ve had Mars helping you find romance. “If you are single and were beginning to think you would never find the right person to love, think again!” Oh Susan, always with the plot twists. She continues (and excuse me for quoting her so much here, it’s just that she was on a roll and I am but the cinnamon atop it): “You are entering a sensational phase when Cupid and his little fleet of angels will be around every corner and every tree. Mars in Gemini will increase your sexiness and magnetism, so if you ever felt invisible, you won’t in May and June.”

Well I’ll be damned. Hand me the icing.

Pisces

You get the greatest gift of all this month: the ability to clearly translate your thoughts to paper. Would you like to trade? Not only does this mean you’re going to be killing it as a comma queen, speech giver or play-write, but you will be a master text-crafter which is, as we all know, the ultimate skill. I’d keep your gift of banter a secret if I were you, though, because once word gets out that you’re the go-to guru for “What should I say?,” your life will be hell and your phone will have more acne than a pubescent spring mixer.

On a completely different topic, you may shampoo your carpet this month! Domestic improvements are in your forecast. High-ho, Home Depot! In fact, maybe you really should head to the emporium for all things paint chips and faucets: you’ve got Venus in Cancer from May 7 until June 5 throwing confetti on your love sector, and you just never know when someone could propose. One day you’re picking up lighting for a party and the next thing you know, a bunch of strangers/family members are shaking their groove thang while the man of your dreams gets down on one knee.

If you didn’t click that link can you just do it now and watch this then come back?

Told you somebody loves you! Oh, and as a side note: if you’re thinking about shaving your beard, do it soon-ish. Veenz is going retrograde mid-summer and that will not be the time to try and reconnect with your long lost chin.

Aries 

Last but no le$$ glamorous! This month is all about the money, money, money, despite what Jessie J (who is likely rolling in it and therefore kind of a hypocrite but whatever) will have you believe in her stupidly catchy song. May 6 will be a good date for financial settlements, negotiations, and though she didn’t outright say it, probably great for lotto tickets and disco bingo. The bling bla bling!

Since we’re talking money, you should know that with Mercury peacing out around the 18th, it’s not a good time to buy expensive things. “If you need the new Apple watch,” Susan noted, “buy it now.” SUSAN MILLER YOU ARE SO CURRENT!! If you can’t afford the Apple watch, might I suggest taping an apple to your wrist? Fun, functional, and a great snack.

You may not know this, but you currently have Jupiter in your fifth house of love. It’s been there since last summer but you may have been drunk or who knows, but it is leaving this August 11. In other words, take advantage of it now. Here are some How to Meet a Romantic Partner Tips When Jupiter Is Still Lloyd Dobblering in Your Hood: walk a bunch of dogs while wearing roller blades and try to crash into a doctor. Order 100 variations of iced coffee every morning to up your odds of having your order accidentally mixed up with that hot bow hunter you’ve been eyeing. Take a nap in a strangers lap! This is your time to shine. This, my friends, is spring.

Aries

HAPPY BIRTHDAY SWEET CAROLINE.

Uranus, “the planet of surprise,” will be very active this month. If that doesn’t sound like the beginning of a Pepto commercial, then Don Draper should just fire me now.

What this means: be ready for whatever may come, similar to the way you know what you’re getting into once you strap your ass into a roller coaster. Hang on, don’t pee your pants (or do, whatev), and we’ll all get through this month alive. Suz predicts that thanks to stupid Pluto, you may “lock horns” with a boss or client. If you do, shove a fist full of peanut butter in your mouth in an effort to keep quiet until you’ve thought everything through before you decide to say anything you might regret.

Happy thoughts: The second half of the month will be easier than the first — especially when it comes to your house of love, baby. Jupiter’s sending a “shimmering beam” to the Sun and Uranus which, while that sounds like a rash in the making, will actually positively affect all things dating, creativity, pregnancy (if you’re into that kind of thing) and romance.

Eclipse Armor:

A phone case to remind you to thinkb4uspeak, shades to shield you from haters, an extra pair of shorts in case you pee on that ‘coaster of life and a shirt just in case the one you were wearing doesn’t go with those new red shorts.

           
Taurus

Susan is worried about the health of the Taurii. Or at least she’s concerned about this stupid eclipse that will affect the house that rules the steps we take to protect our health. This probably means we should be sleeping more, or get Fitbits.

She also predicts someone at work is going to start actin’ a fool. My bet probably should be on Leandra because fool is her second-to-middle name, but rather than begin a pre-emptive round of Colonel Mustard in the library with the dubstep, we’re cautioned to simply stay on our toes.

The sweet spot: Mars is chillin in our sign, giving us “exceptional drive, courage, and a fierce will to succeed.” Apparently Mars brings passion and energy, too. It’s like an oyster/matcha/coffee smoothie from above ready to light a much needed fire under our derrieres.

Eclipse Armor:

Pajamas to catch up on our zzs, heels to keep us on our toes (cute joke, huh?), a shirt that I just want and this is my sign, after all, plus a bracelet with a positive affirmation that won’t make anyone in wrist-view gag.

           
Gemini

Your creativity is scheduled to be lit up today, Gemini. (Although, if you’re feeling brain-blah, Suzy sometimes says that the dates she predicts should be taken with a general 3-day before/after window, in which case it’s like, why predict a date? Whatever.)

Tomorrow, April 7, our girl “predicts” you might be tempted to put your dang foot in your mouth and chew on it like a baby with a dog’s paw. (Bet you’re missing Tom Selleck’s biography about now, aren’t ya, Gems?). Like Aries and door-Taurs, take deep breaths and pick your battle. Now is not the time to enter a rap battle.

The next day, however? The 8th. You’ll be a regular linguist. Thanks to Mercury tickling ye old planet of butts, your negotiation and communication skills are gonna be ~*OuTta ThiS WoRld*~ You’ll get some weird news today too but ain’t nothin’ you can’t handle.

Eclipse Armor:

A flask in case my ‘scope recaps are causing you to drink, a bandana to cover your mouth before you open it on the 7th, sandals just in case you do put your foot in your mouth, and a little somethin’ to satiate that creative side.

           
Cancer

Hey crab waffles! Like Gemini, you’ll be busting out of the creative seams on April 8th. If your brain is feeling like soggy cereal today, just be patient. And use less milk next time. You should also be aware that a surprise is coming today. Suz was naturally extremely vague and unhelpful in that it could be good…or bad! Cool.

Where the first moon (and therefore first half) of April was annoying as fuq, however, the second one on April 18 will pump up your career and you’ll be running around like “Gahhhh I’m so successful omg I rule!!!” But keep your voice at an indoor decibel and remember that just because your boss is happy with you doesn’t mean you can stop wearing pants: in the next two weeks or so, it looks like a promotion or raise or a new client is a-comin. Stay focused.

Eclipse Armor:

A dress for success not the snooze button outfit comprised of everything I need someone else to buy so that I can live vicariously through you.

           
Leo

“The project you are working on now appears to be capable of being a jewel in your crown when you finish it,” Susan croons because she’s obsessed with Leos, “forever having you cruise on a new level.” While this sounds fine and dandy, I have to be honest: my biggest takeaway was that you’re going on a cruise. One track mind, ya’ll.

Like everyone else, you may get some shocking news today. You may also suddenly be whisked away on a trip (see: Susan’s Leo favoritism and hint at a cruise.)

Not that you don’t ever have the planets on your side, but Jupiter in particular is favoriting you this month. However, you only have until mid-August to use its planet-y power, so take advantage of this now. Start setting things into action that you know you eventually want to come to fruition and maybe Train will sing a song about you, too.

Eclipse Armor:

For your floating hotel room…

           
Virgo

Today is one of those anything-can-happen days, I’m just not sure if it’s going to be of the Ellie Goulding variety or the more ominous kind. You tell me in the comments but here’s hoping for a blonde English singer.

Keeping in line with this month’s sort of vague ‘scope, April 8 has the celestial potential to be a high intensity, nerve-packed day. Like you’re on a Real Housewives reunion episode or something. However, your mind will be on fire (drink a green juice, work out in the AM, buy a mini pomeranian), so that if you come across some sort of roadblock ($uz seems to think it might be financial) you’ll come up with a creative solution.

When it comes to money, show your home a little love. There’s nothing like coming home after a shitty eclipse day and crashing on a couch with pillows that aren’t made out of used tissues and burlap.

Eclipse Armor:

Shoes to keep you grounded, a necklace in case you’ve got a case-o-the-mehs, plus two things to make your home feel like a giant hug. 

           
Libra

Let’s talk about a different day for once up in these April bore-o-scopes. On April 22, “Venus, the guardian planet to Libra, will work closely with Jupiter to make your evening a standout.” The whole day is supposed be awesome, actually, so make the most of it. I know it’s tempting to call out sick and roll around in a vat of olive oil, but seriously — take this day by horns because they’re less sensitive than balls and milk it like a cow because we needed one more bovied-related pun.

Before that, on April 11, Venus is going to be all up in your sign doing what Venus does best: spraying the kind of celestial love potion that makes you more alluring and charming than you already are. Wink, and the world will collapse at your baby toes in a swooning manner.

That said, now’s a good time to alter your appearance if you were thinking of getting a little somethin’ somethin’ done to your hair or to your Botox spots because in a few weeks we’ll have a retrograde messing shit up. Go shopping now, get the dye done now, and then relish in it. You babe.

Eclipse Armor:

Random whynots to up the flirt factor, right this way…

           
Scorpio

Who even knows what normal means at this point, but on April 18 we’re gonna get a “normal” moon that gives you a booster seat in business, etc. (Cool projects, free t-shirts, the usual.) Like I said in the intro which you probably didn’t read because you were like, shut up and tell me when I’m gonna fall in love, eclipses are about the end of something. This new moon is about the start.

While April 21 will be all about the Benjamins, the next day will be sparkly as shit for your reputation. Maybe a project you’ve been working on will finally be recognized, maybe you’ll post an excellent Instagram. You just never know, Samantha Jones, but your career is on that upward rise.

If you haven’t felt the promise of a raise or promotion or accolades or something yet, get pushing. Put your nose to the grind, block out the haters like that Vine star with the spoons and have faith that your good efforts will pay off. And by pay off, I mean, cha-ching.

Eclipse Armor:

Dress for success without looking too snorporate while adding a pair of blinkers to block the dinkers.

        
Sagittarius

Perhaps a bit more politely than Rihanna did, you may have to make like Bad Gal and ask someone for your money. Pluto’s about to retrograde on April 16 which means financial buttcramps, so take measures now to get the dolla billz you deserve.

Now here’s some nice news! The new moon in Aries on April 18 is not a shitty eclipse, and it will instead light your house of romance, fun, leisure, creativity, and children, per Suz. You’ve got a steady flow of banging energy for the next two weeks, and if you’re single (and don’t want to be), it will help you not be. In fact, it’s the best moon of 2015 for love, so get out of the house and use it or lose it.

The weekend of April 25-26 will be super romantic too. “You might want to kidnap your partner for a night away,” writes Susan who has suddenly become a psychopath. Totally your call though.

Eclipse Armor:

Vacation/staycation/kidnapping staples and inspiration

           
Capricorn

The first few days post-eclipse sucks, but if you can grin and bear it you’ll get through it (watch out for any annoying Uranus-related surprises, though).

“I want you to take any opportunity to rest in April and to be good to yourself,” Susan says. She seems to think you’re some sort of celebrity who’s been quarreling with her manager for quite some time by the way she worded the former sentence that I did not include. “For you,” she continued, “a spa massage or facial would not be a luxury but a necessity.” Susan Miller, you just became a friend of the Capricorns!

If you’ve been worrying about your career, don’t. All will be fine. And on April 18, when the new moon arrives, take that time of new beginnings to address anything related to your home or family or taco stand. Take your time to sort things out, collect information, and collect call Susan if you barely own a lamp.

Oh, and as for love, if you didn’t meet someone last week, it’s looking really, really good until the 10th.

Eclipse Armor:

For that DIY spa session

           
Aquarius

Susan Cupid Bean Spiller Miller wants you to “put a circle around April 22” because it is your most romantic day of the month. Venus in Gemini will receive a shower of golden beams from Jupiter, the good fortune planet and also, apparently, pee fetishes.

One has to wonder what Susan means by “circle,” but one also has to assume it’s G-rated at best. It’s a good day for you to get a blowout or nails or buy a new outfit, but Susan wants you to know that this isn’t just limited to the ladies: “If you are a male reader, you are included! Guys want to look handsome, cool, and intriguing too!” Amen they do.

On the weekend of April 25-26, Venus will receive “a shimmering vibration from Uranus,” which is a visual joke that for me, personally, just does not get old. She wants you to take a romantic getaway of some sort, or at least a staycation with a lot of food. She used the word “foodie,” but I ignored that. Still, re: chillin’ the most, don’t have to yank your legs twice, amiright, Aquarius?

Eclipse Armor:

A sweatshirt because she said shop, a ring to circle the 22nd, socks to help you feel cozy during the crap part of the month and camp shorts for your vacation or staycation with the heater on high at home.

           
Pisces

“A new moon will always give you a portal of two weeks in which to work within, and the actions you take in that window of time will have the power to affect you positively for an entire year,” Susan taught us today. Since I’ve basically decided to ignore the eclipse completely now that we’re at the bottom of the horoscope boat, let’s focus on the new moon of the 18th, which is hanging in your house of earned income and therefore the best time to ask for a raise.

If you have any presentations to give or client meetings or appointments to beg at the mercy of your advisor, do so on the 21st when Mars and Pluto will be slappin’ each other five and making you look good.

As for the last weekend of April, where she’s hinting that a lot of us get out of town, she wants you to throw a party. “It would be a big hit,” she subtly hints while walking through your door uninvited with a plate of cheese and a bottle of wine. “Friends will be talking about your party for a long time afterward,” she finishes. Looks like I’m coming to your place at the end of April.

Aries

Happy birthday, water monkeys! It’s your month and therefore your time to shine. Jupiter, Uranus and Lubridom are forming a golden trine, which means that until April 31st (at least), your shoes will not only stop doing that annoying squeaky sound when you walk, but they will play a satisfying soundtrack in tandem with the beat you’re creating via your own two feet — sort of like that running app that chooses songs based off your tempo. That exists right?

If it doesn’t, earth’s position over the sun will cause a global tan which will inspire you to make like a worm and dig into that APPle pie by yourself like the strong ass entrepreneur you knew you’d be at age 8 when you charged an additional five cents for ice at your lemonade stand.

Taurus 

Celebrate good times, come on! I believe it was Leonardo DiCaprio who said that just before the running of the bulls (even though he’s not a Taurus), but who doesn’t love those cropped jacket/pant combos that true matadors wear? I sure hope you do, because if the moon has predicted anything this month it’s that your calves will look better than they ever have (girl I see you: someone’s on that Kayla Itsines program, huh?) and they’ll want to be showed off in a historically festive way.

Here’s the problem: the Weather Channel says it’s still going to be mildly glacial. Here’s where you throw glitter in the Weather Channel’s face and tell them their app sucks: on April 15th, you’re destined to either win the lottery or a free happy hour coupon from TGITuesdays! Suck it, rainstuff. This chick’s celebrating.

Gemini 

“Thomas William ‘Tom’ Selleck (born January 29, 1945) is an American actor and film producer. He is best known for his starring role as the private investigator Thomas Magnum in the television series Magnum, P.I. (1980 – 1988), based in Hawaii. He also plays Police Chief Jesse Stone in a series of made-for-TV movies based on Robert B. Parker novels. Since 2010, he has appeared as NYPD Commissioner Frank Reagan in the drama Blue Bloods on CBS.[1]

Selleck has appeared in more than fifty film and television roles since Magnum, P.I., including Three Men and a Baby, Quigley Down Under, Mr. Baseball, and Lassiter. Selleck appeared as Dr. Richard Burke on Friends, where he played the on-again, off-again love-interest of Monica Geller (Courteney Cox), and as A.J. Cooper on the TV series Las Vegas.” – via Wikipedia

Cancer

Welcome to the CopaCrabana, creep walkers. If you’ve ever stuck a fork in a microwave then you know all too well the dangers of mixing Venus and Pluto, because it’s like they say: liquor before beer, you’re in the clear. Beer before liquor, never been sicker, and shots of tequila are never a good idea unless you’re exceptionally skilled at tying towels on your head.

Raise your hand if you feel like I’m just speaking into my phone while letting Siri type with her hard-of-hearing reckless abandon? You would not be wrong, compadres! You would not be wrong. But you wouldn’t be right either, because this month is about doing your laundry, getting ears pierced, making friends, and hoping for the best when it comes to spring trying on a less-is-more approach to showers.

Leo

So, Leo. Let’s talk. I recently saw Into the Woods on an airplane, which is essentially the next wave of prison torture because you’re buckled into the middle seat of a flying tin baguette with wings and there’s zero ways to escape unless you’re willing to cause a ruckus, which I wasn’t, because I’m normal. Hello. I got involved because I thought this movie was Meryl Streep’s audition for Pitch Perfect 2. Once I realized I was wrong, the trance had already swallowed me and I got sucked into worrying about whether or not the mean girl from The Devil Wears Prada would finally find a white cow that could milk miracles.

SO WHERE AM I GOING WITH THIS? Mostly just that I thought Johnny Depp, who played The Big Bad Wolf, very poorly misrepresented your sign. Professor Lupin from Harry Potter? Now there was a fine wolf who did your astrological sign proud. No offense to Johnny, but he should stick to pirate ships.

Virgo 

Virplegergles, the planets and I see big things on your horizon. Or we started to see big things until Mercury gave a Freddy Mercury impersonator actual mercury poisoning, only it wasn’t because Fake Fred was eating too much tuna — it was from that mercury stuff on the inside of thermometers, which leaked, and honestly I’m far too polite to ask Fake Fred if this was solely the fault of Mercury-the-planet’s consistent trips to Club Red or if it had more to do with Uranus. The planet.

(I know, I know, I had that other image in my head too, because you know, back in the day, that’s how they took temperatures! It might still be how they take animals’ temperatures at the vet, also.)

Anywhoonz, once we stopped seeing anything on your horizon I was just like, let’s throw Virgo a fricken bone here and so here you go, a bone. Hope you like chicken!

Libra 

You don’t, by any chance, remember that last year Susan Miller posted her April horoscopes super late but I had an April 1st deadline and so, I made them up? Yea…not ringing a bell, right? Ok, great! I only ask because I’m about to plagiarize myself and it would cool if you didn’t notice:

“So your sign’s a polar bear, right? You’re lucky because that’s the coolest kind of bear. Literally. All I got from last month’s Snoozy Suze-fest is that a new moon from March 30 means something will come up soon that you didn’t expect. But as Susan said, don’t worry about that which you can’t control, ‘just open the window and see what flies in.’ Unless you live in NYC, which means it will definitely be a pigeon.”

I see that neither my jokes nor my writing has improved!

Scorpio 

If you squash a scorpio, do you think it bleeds Sriracha? Is that where Sriracha is from? Have we been avoiding scorpios our whole lives because some Western movie told us they were quote-unquote-deadly but it’s like, have you ever heard of a Scorpio trying to kill someone? No.

So clearly this was a one big conspiracy theory to keep Sriracha out of the mainstream.

WELL HAHA, edible elitists! (Or maybe food elitists is better word-combo choice, because edible elitists makes me think of an edible arrangements replete with chocolate covered snobs shouting things like, “I knew this musician back when he did shows in a Jersey basement,” or, “I only drink water from Per Se.”) Anyway the point is that no longer do foodielitez have a monopoly on spicy condiments.

Unless you do, in which case, the planet of Pluto in direct relation to the sun means you better take the royalty fees and run.

Sagittarius 

NEPTUNE, man. We never talk about Neptune enough, so let’s do it! Neptune, the planet of no clue carry on, will be in direct conjunction with your moon at three quarters of an inch and one five dollar foot long on April 5th. Meaning?

Sagg harbor, you’re going to rock this month like a boat in white water rapids, then you’ll take a picture of it, save it for next week, then post it as a throwback with a killer caption.

Speakin of TBTs going up on a Wednesday and the planet Neptune, who remembers the two man BAND The Neptunes featuring Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo. They met at band camp and I bet if Hugo had a nickel for every time someone asked him how it felt to quit musical Google, he could probably afford to do a nice revamp on that creepy childhood computer game of the same name, Hugo (and his House of Horrors).

Capricorn

Hide your weenus because here comes Venus! Venus, as you know, is the planet of beauty, and your weenus (as you may also know) is probably cracked as crack thanks to winter. So what’s a celestial goat to do? Spa day.

Then after spa day you should probably rest your elbows in vats of Vasoline until either your skin goes back to baby soft or the cows come home and are like, “Exmooze me, we run this dairy town. Make one more pint of organic non-cow milk again and I swear on my spots that we’ll chop your horns off.” Milk mafia!!! Who knew? Oh and someone might propose to you today.

Aquarius

Harry Styles, Michael Jordan, Taylor Lautner, Justin Timberlake, Ed Sheeran, Shakira, Ellen DeGeneres, Jennifer Anniston, Babe Ruth, Rick Ross, Oprah Winfrey and Abraham Lincoln. What do these people all have in common? No, not friendship! …They’re famous!

They are also all Aquarius, so get famous or get out of the CLUB.

Pisces

Listen fishchick, I don’t meant to cause alarm but there is a straight up planetary pile-up over your sign. It’s like that time Dillon and East Dillon went through that neighborhood war and certain people lied about their mailboxes. What this means for you is that while you’re guaranteed a lifetime achievement award and letterman jacket sponsored by Under Armour, you may have to, yes, lie about your mailbox.

Or! You can simply decorate your mailbox. If there’s anything that Saturn’s taught us, it’s that nothing says Easter treats quite like stuffing that which is meant for rent checks with green confetti and jelly bean eggs.

…Btw…you guys know what day it is, right?

Pisces 

Never failing to excite, Astrology Zone’s Susan Thriller Miller begins your horoscope right: “The month starts out with a lovely interplay between Jupiter and Uranus.” Jupiter is the planet of good luck and Uranus is the planet of surprises. I’d assume luck is always an important factor when talking about interplay, surprises and Uranus, don’t you agree?

Today will present an opportunity for you to make a lot of money. Commenters, do tell: do you feel rich yet? By March 5, your focus will be on love. If it’s not love then it’s some sort of important relationship, but with Saturn the planet-not-the-defunct-car-company sending out good vibes to the new moon, this union sets a solid tone for the future.

Neptune, a planet that I don’t think we talk enough about (this changes today!) is working on its tan and hanging close to the sun while remaining in your sign. According to Suz, “Neptune takes 168 years to circle the Sun and the twelve signs of the zodiac, so it’s clear many people never get to experience what you will be experiencing now.” And what are you experiencing? Fame, apparently. Better start waxing your nostrils and whitening your teeth.

Aries 

You have something this month that no else seems to possess: energy. “Boundless energy” are Miller’s exact words, though it exhausts me just to type. You have a golden triangle linking up planets in fire signs which sounds like an illuminati spider bite but is protecting you during what’s sure to be a creative time in both career and the arts.

But take caution: Pluto and Uranus are going to get into a Real Housewives of the Solar System Reunion fight on March 15. It’s their 7th time getting into it, but the last of said brawls during your lifespan. The flying mouth spit surrounding their drama could cause someone in your work environment to block an idea of yours like an ex’s new girlfriend on Instagram. Keep your hoops in and be diplomatic. It pays off in the long run when you’re Andy Cohen’s favorite.

What’s RHOSS without a love interest, though? Today begins a string of days for you “that will bring romance when you least expect it.” What is to expect? An exceptional hair moment on March 16. Coincidence that March 16 is when season 2 of Southern Charm airs? I think not. The bigger the hair, the better the month. #blowout

Taurus 

If you actually read Astrology Zone, either to fact check me or to see who your celebrity astrological match is, then you’ll know that Susan Miller isn’t feeling well (get better Susan!!) and as a result many of her horoscopes were shorter this week. Taurus is the shortest because I believe she has a vendetta against the bull sign, but brevity is good news in the case of this month’s soft serve.

“The tender full moon of March 5 will be magically romantic,” she promises. “With Mercury in fine angle to Uranus, you might feel hit by lightning when you lock eyes with someone intriguing across the room at the full moon.” She cautions us to go slowly with any new relationship this month because that person may be unavailable (read: married). I simply caution us to not enter any rooms with glaring electricity hazards.

Finally, the solar eclipse of March 20 will be what Susan calls a “blessing” to our social life, “for it will generate lots of activity.”  That sounds like an oxymoron/nightmare to me because plans are the worst, but as with all solar eclipses: something ends (Downton Abbey) and something new (Downton Ackee) begins.

Gemini 

Explaining the concept of “friends with benefits” to those who we view in a maternal or grand-maternal light is uncomfortable and ten times out of ten never worth it. Susan Miller, however, is more with it than one might imagine and loudly suggests that he or she who’s been on the video games-and-more track in your life may suddenly add “and much, much more” to their title. You two are likely to DTR this weekend when Mars and Uranus will orbit near Venus.

“Things may happen spontaneously, to the surprise of you AND your partner,” she writes. Now, I’m not saying to not have fun, I’m just saying to be cautious when anyone uses the words “spontaneously” and “surprise” and “Uranus” in the same sentence. (See Pisces, note use of the additional word “luck.”)

Speaking of surprises and Uranus, you’re going to get a sudden golden beam from said planet…today! It’s going to be good news, but “good news” is subjective when you’ve taken the butt sex metaphor for one beat longer than anyone needed.

And because I personally need redemption: for the main part of March, your career will take a successful center stage.

Cancer 

Good things rarely come from hooking up in the workplace, but this month we have Uranus and Jupiter practicing foreplay during the same work shift which means that your career will explode.

Use March 10 to finally ask for a raise, impress your boss with a presentation or to clear the weird crap out from under your desk. Then, Susan and Ellie Goulding want you to mark March 11 as an “anything can happen day.” The former cautions you to look your best just in case while the latter wants you to raise one arm in the air with a glow stick.

“The solar eclipse on March 20 will broaden your horizons in a big, exciting way, doubly so if your birthday falls near July 20,” writes Susan. What does that unclear but hopeful sentiment mean? Travel, look into grad school, take the Bar, go to Bar Method, eat a chocolate bar, drink at a bar. The world is your oyster thanks to the eclipse, and you are Lupito Nyong’o’s dress.

Leo 

Your gumbo had a little bit more spice than the other horoscopes, Leo, and for that I’m going to avoid the Uranus jokes for a moment to talk about Saturn, which will go retrograde on March 14 and stay there until August 2. Hey Mercury, how does it feel to have someone else hogging all of the vacation days? “Any time a planet retrogrades,” Suze writers, “the cosmos urges you to deliberate about how things are going and to think about possible changes you might like to make.” During this time, you may either get back together with an ex or change your mind about the person you’re sharing McNuggets with now.

You’ll also notice the new moon solar eclipse on March 20th. Because the Sun rules your sign, you’re more effected by a solar eclipse as opposed to a lunar one, although none of us are safe from a total eclipse of the heart.

What does this particular sunny side up egg mean? Mad money, yo. It might come from royalties or a bonus or Cash Cab or my favorite kind of financial surprises — hidden, matured stock via the private wealth sector of the Bank of Surprise! You’re a Princess. The latter is totally plausible because according to a very, openly-biased Suz (AND HOW LONG HAVE I BEEN SAYING THIS, ALL NON-LEOS?): “You are the celestial favorite.”

This woman is shameless sometimes, I swear.

Virgo

You’re going to have one of those months where you keep on almost getting arrested on the subway because people assume you’re “playing with yourself” in public but what you’re really doing is trying to cram all of the cash back into your pockets. March 15 is the only day where finances may annoy you. Some bully may try to steal your milk money so just make sure you sneeze visibly and audibly on all dollar bills so that no one wants to touch them once you’re through. This is my personal strategy as of late.

The full moon this month will be in Virgo on March 5, “bringing attention to all your dreams and wishes.” Finally! Your friends will see the value in your favorite bar’s 80s cover band / fanny pack night and will attend alongside you in spandex and leg warmers so that you don’t have to go alone. If that’s not a dream then I don’t know what is.

Around the solar eclipse of March 20, you’ll experience an event of “great importance.” Susan mentioned a relationship of yours becoming more established, and brought up the theme of home improvement. Looks like you and a boyfriend are about to have a make or break Ikea moment. Keep Martha Stewart on speed dial in case you need to phone a friend.

And if you’re single? From March 17 until April 11, make sure you leave the office on time and hit happy hour as though the arm on your watch only points one way.

Libra 

Your celestial map is looking like an old cowboy movie this month as several planets are in the Western part of your chart (in your opposite sign of Aries) and they’re all like bang bang into the room!

So actually, this might be an Ariana Grande song.

What this means, in addition to tiny boots and high pony tails, is that you need to keep your cool when facing adversaries. Also, “sit back and let partners contribute their ideas,” suggests Suz. “You may find them quite agreeable and wish you had thought of them yourself!” Personally I wouldn’t have put an exclamation point there but she was clearly feeling generous and festive.

You may also start to feel run down this month. The “good news,” according to Susan, is that “your health will be assisted by the new moon solar eclipse of March 20.” What does she mean by that, specifically? It’s a great time to begin a fitness routine. (Insert more cheery Susan exclamations here –> !) Like I stated earlier, “good news” is subjective. But you know what my takeaway is? Once anyone besides Jen Selter deems it a “good time” to begin working out, summer is finally, hopefully, semi-officially on the way.

At least more than it was back in February.

Scorpio

You’re going to get a piece of news this month that arrives, completely unexpected, like a lightning bolt, from Uranus. Visualize that, Scorpian King. I comma’d the shit out of the sentence so you’d follow right along with me as though this were a wine and paint by numbers class.

Jupiter in your sign’s career sector is peacing out on August 11 (it’s going to Virgo if you’re in the mood for a fight) and won’t come back for 12 years. This may be because Uranus is throwing around lightning bolts, but it also may just be because that’s the way the solar system works. IDK, you made the diorama for science class, not me. The point is to make the most out of your career until August 11 so that you can reap the benefits once Jupiter’s gone. Work hard play hard, my lethal-tailed friend.

On March 15, Pluto — your ruler — will be “in sharp odds with Uranus.” Fiber should fix that! Or, per Susan’s solution, literally avoid this day. Just stay indoors and do nothing. It’s a Sunday, which means you have full permission to go buck wild on Saturday and nurse your hangover until Monday arrives.

As for love? Venus will be all up in the house of relationships and marriage on March 17 “sending sweet vibrations to Neptune in romantic Pisces.” Just make sure you don’t pack it in your suitcase!

Sagittarius 

You’ll feel the urge to travel this month (especially with your significant other), which is nice considering you’re half horse, half human and can therefore probably get places a lot faster on four hooves than those of us on two feet in this wintry mush. Did you know that in Nantucket, the waves have turned into 7-Eleven Slurpees? Well they have, and 9 out of 10 people still prefer the flavor cherry.

You have some sort of triangle happening thanks to Venus, Mars, and Uranus which will “add sugar and spice to your life.” Maybe you can mix it into your ocean Slurpee to eliminate the overwhelming taste of salt.

Like seemingly every other sign, your career will be on fiya this month (which is confusing, because then aren’t we essentially all competing? or maybe we’re all succeeding). Virgo in particular is blowing up your house of first place ribbons and trophy cases. Today (March 3) your brain will be especially hot.

Finally, “if you are single and not dating, but wish you were, you won’t be alone for long,” writes $uzan the Millionaire Matchmaker. “Wear perfume [or cologne!] and your favorite outfit, and dance the night away. This month you have a powerful magnetism that others will be aware of instantly.” Magnets rule. Don’t forget to use them as an excuse to sit weirdly close to someone!

Capricorn 

Apparently you’ve had Uranus, planet-o-butts (although Susan has recently taken to calling Uranus the “planet of sudden change”) in your house of home and family since March 2011. It does not take an astrologer to determine that when it comes to all things apartment/rent/roommate-related this translates to: pain in the ass. This month will change all that.

…Except on March 11, when Susan wants you to stay home (fake sick? It’s a Wednesday) but she cautions to avoid stepping on sharp plastic toys. Sometimes I think she’s projecting. Keep your cell phone in your hand at all times in case you slip or something.

Your ruling planet, Saturn, will go retrograde on March 14. “Do not start new projects,” Susan bosses. Instead, “assess your progress on ongoing projects, and make detailed tweaks.” Twerks, in other words. Put the words “ass-ess” and “tweaks” in the same sentence after ten horoscopes filled with Uranus innuendos and dare me not to make that twerk connection. You can’t because I just did.

In terms of love, be patient until the 17th. In terms of patience, practice twerking. Maybe you’ll use it to find love in a hopeless place.

Aquarius

Alright you. 

Let’s end this slew of ‘$copes the way they began: with a day (today!) of interplay between Jupiter (luck) and Uranus (surprise and travel). Goin UP on a Tuesday.

What this combination means besides butt stuff is that out of all the various relationships that can form in this world (friendship, partnership, lovership) one will really take hold and soar like an eagle whose mask has been removed by Jennifer Lawrence. Raise your wing if you watched Serena this weekend even though you meant to order Selena On Demand, but your TV robot misheard you.

Anywho, the decisions you make at the beginning of March will last.

“Quick, short travel seems to be written all over this month,” predicts Susan, “giving you plenty of opportunities to spontaneously head for a beautiful, sunny place.” I think I speak on behalf of the entire horoscope-reading community when I ask, “May I come?”

You have no choice but to say yes, because by March 20th you’ll see a “large influx of cash.” It would be kind of rude if you didn’t share the literal wealth. The green has potential to rain down after some sort of sale, so my advice to you? Do your spring cleaning before spring has spring, sell it, take the money, strap on some ice skates, and let’s run.

Aquarius

I have waited eleven months to share this with you, birthday person:


This month is going to feel just like that song:

“When the moon is in the Seventh House
And Jupiter aligns with Mars
Then peace will guide the planets
And love will steer the stars
And you will wear a fantastic polyester blend outfit that will give you confidence and a rash!”

Those are the lyrics, I looked them up.

The moon actually is hanging out with Jupiter, the great planet of good fortune, which will, according to one Susan Miller, “crystalize a relationship or project that has been in progress for at least six months or more and will bode so well for your happiness.” Saddle up for the best month ever, aquabronco.

But first, don’t stress about the big V, because February 21-22 are looking way more like your days of love — although the whole month is good for your heart. Tomorrow’s full moon on February 3 is going to rain down good news about some sort of partnership, whether it be a romantic, emotional, creative, business or dance partner kind. If you’ve seen Silver Linings Playbook then you know that sometimes a partner can be all of the above. Speaking of creativity, you’re getting a second new moon in a row in your sign (2 moon boobs for me, plz!) on February 18 which means you, my pet, are going to have poetry and paint exploding out of you like a first grader with a nose bleed in a dry climate. Bake your cake, then eat it too.

Pisces

If you are sad that you didn’t get a song then may I remind you that your birthday is next month and lord help me if I didn’t include the Jefferson’s “Moving On Up” song due to their piece of the PIE(ces) reference. So hang on until March.

This month, however, let’s focus on your career. “To say you are doing well professionally is an understatement,” begins Susan Thriller. Some big project you’ve been working on will manifest itself tomorrow, February 3, and everyone’s going to go, “HOLY SHIT YOU ARE A GENIUS.” (I believe the adjectives in regards to your project’s response that Susan used were, “enthusiastic and heartwarming.”)

You’re becoming a leader in your field, even if you haven’t ironed on your badge yet.

If you haven’t been feeling well, a beam from Uranus will change that. Here’s something fun to look forward to that pairs well with the former sentence: “on March 20, your professional life will be poised to break open like a big juicy coconut.” You’ve also got Mars and Venus in your sign, “a rare privilege,” because Mars is going to give you balls. The stars align and these metaphors write themselves. “Mars will raise your profile and make you more courageous, daring and assertive, and more likely to passionately defend and put forth your ideas with determination.” So uh, can I have your autograph? As for love: the weekend of the 14th is looking solid. Go figure. I mean, go fish.

Aries

Screw Hallmark, tomorrow is your Valentine’s day. I know it’s a Tues but listen to the Suz who says Leo is showering your fifth house of love with golden vibrations — a Studio 54 dance party if there ever was one. Here’s a fun sentence that Susan wrote: “Uranus, in charge of surprises…is gliding in Aries and will be just beautifully oriented to this full moon February 3, so whatever happens over this full moon will be completely unexpected, but in a way that will tickle you pink.” Ok.

Moving on: if you work in a creative field, then a project you’ve been working on will finally come to a finish, or maybe, a Finnish, if you work for a Nordic company! Your intuitions will be sharp this month so get like Oprah and listen to them.

Here is good news for your Sunday Scaries: on February 22 (a Sunday) Venus and Mars will both be in your sign making out. If you are not in your sign making out on actual Valentine’s day, who cares. Go out on the 21st. Keep your eyes open on the 22nd: now that football’s over people will actually pay attention to the people around them at the bar again.

Taurus

Here is the cutest visual Susan Miller has ever given us (which really is saying a lot, even if you just read Aries and are like, girl is watching too much Girls): “The planets are in a beautiful pattern…called a kite, which is a grand trine with a little domed “house” on top, showering you with all kind of happiness and harmony this month.” DO YOU EVEN NEED MORE OF A HOROSCOPE THAN THAT?

But of course you do. Of course we do. Here it is. Our good career vibes just keep coming. February’s second new moon on the 18th is going to bump up our social life (friendship and work-wise) so we’ll be buzzing on the dance floor with very full e-cards. Like everyone else, we’re dealing with Mercury in retrograde, but it means that if someone from the past comes forward, accept them — it could potentially lead to something cool. Otherwise, as Drake said, no new friends. (I mean, make new friends, just don’t let them alter your business plans at the moment.)

Don’t sign financial papers on the 23rd. She seemed to stress this. Do, however, look forward to a potential new awesome roommate or apartment. And when it comes to love, which it always does, this month isn’t bad, per se, but it’s going to be dumped on us like Gatorade come March. So get a haircut, and hang tight.

Gemini

“You can do no wrong, dear Gemini.” <– That is straight from the gold-grilled mouth of Susan Miller, and I would be lying if I said I wasn’t jealous. Sounds like you’ll be traveling a ton this month, and within your travels, a lot of moving around (changing hotels, changing beds, I’m not sure). Either way it will be luxurious. Note: bring your iPad stocked with movies because it sounds like there could be flight delays.

This month you will be “embarking on a new professional cycle,” which is sort of like a new menstrual cycle except not at all and really the only similarity is the word “cycle.” Don’t sign contracts until Mercury comes back with its annoying tan from Club Retrograde on the 11th, though.

On the second new moon o-the-month — occurring on the 18th — you’ll get a burst in the world of communication, studies and legal matters as well. Are you taking the bar? Are you eating a candy bar? Are you drinking at the bar? Are you currently drunk? I am.

Valentine’s day actually isn’t going to be so bad for you, speaking of bars of all sorts, but the real weekend of love for you is February 21 and 22, which Susan also suggests for a few other signs so scroll through and pick your peach to hit on.

Cancer

Well, here is all you really need to know: tomorrow, February 3rd, it’s going to rain down cash. Or, if you live on the east coast (and are currently wondering why you don’t live literally anywhere else without a violently rude climate), it is going to snow down cash. Hail down cash. Confetti down cash. Cash parade! Here’s the best part: you’ll likely already have paid your rent!

“Actually, the entire month appears to find you focused intently on money.” Susan wrote. “The new moon of February 18 will be in Aquarius, putting quite a bit of emphasis on your eighth house of other people’s money. You may be discussing a commission, bonus, perks like vacation days and health care for a new position, an inheritance, insurance payout, scholarship or college financial aid, a mortgage, or refinancing plan, or you may be getting ready to present a plan for a venture capital investor. You may also be very intent on getting your taxes ready for your accountant.” If you watch Broad City then may I just remind you that there ain’t no shame in having someone else help you in this game, just make sure you don’t accidentally put your envelope of receipts in the trash.

The end of the month is looking really strong when it comes to career. Be assertive, be determined. You could become a boss in the literal sense as opposed to the colloquial sense sooner than you know it. And guess what, sugar daddy? Valentine’s Day is going to be quite nice for you.

Leo

What do we mean when we talk about love? You, Leonardo. We mean you. If you already have hearts in your eyes, this month is apparently made for you. You’ll either become official with your sig other, or you’ll move in together, or get engaged. It’s about taking the next step, and unlike the ones outside my front door that were as unsalted as a boring pretzel this morning, it will not cause you to slip. ~*Metaphors by Amelia*~

If there’s no one “special” in your life (don’t tell your goldfish, dude) then this next step may be in relation to a partner, manager, agent, publicist, steamer, stylist, etc. — you know, all of those things that everyone and not just Gwyneth Paltrow has. However, because we’re still in the slug juice of The Retrograde, don’t make any sudden movements until Freddy Mercury decides to join us in the real world come February 11th.

Tomorrow’s full moon is going to bring you peaceful closure regarding something (you and Susan have not told me so IDK). And should you choose to travel around the 21st and 22nd (you should) you’ll either fall deeper in love with he or she who has your heart, or, you’ll meet someone new who’s gonna rock your lion-y world.

Virgo

Holy Hannah did Susan write you a novel this month. “The full moon on February 3 is going to light your house of secrets and confidential matters,” but in a “Who’s the lucky suitor behind door number 2?,” 1970’s gameshow kind of way, because it’s likely in regards to a VIP who is a big supporter of you but perhaps hasn’t made this publicly known. In other words: your work is being recognized. Have faith in that and keep pluggin’ away. You could uncover something secret as well and “be able to protect yourself as a result.” Susan doesn’t mean to sound ominous, I don’t think, so just assume she’s been reading too much John Grisham and Nancy Drew.

Ah! Here’s some fun stuff! If you’ve been seeing a therapist, you may decide you’re all set this month. And around February 11th — February 18th, you may decide to finally start getting in shape. “I would prefer you act on any plan AFTER Mercury turns direct February 11,” Susan says of your new workout kick and diet in regards to the retrograde. It’s the star-given excuse to keep gluten and couch in your diet for just a few more days. #winterbodsrule

Finally: “Your chart shows that from February 1 to 19, you’ll have sexy Mars; gentle, magnetic Venus; and heavenly Neptune in your house of marriage and commitment, setting the stage for a gorgeous Valentine’s Day,” writes Susan Miller. It seems she not has indeed become a Grisham fan, but that no one is safe from the spell of 50 Shades of Grey.

Libra

“At long last, you are about to have fun, dear Libra,” writes Susan. “The world will be your oyster, so be determined to unshackle yourself from all those responsibilities you handle so well from day to day to allow for time just for you.” If that’s not reason alone to leave your horoscope as is then my name isn’t Amelia Susan Miller Diamond.

But I won’t leave it alone, because I am an oyster expert, here to guide you through all varieties, from the salty and briny to the sweet and creamy, even though I’ve tried to issue a nation-wide memo that restaurants should stop using the adjective “creamy” when it comes to oysters.

So! This new moon is going to light up your house of friends, people, events, hopes, dreams, wishes, and rainbows. You’re going to be invited to everything. Go to everything. Thanks to the full moon in Leo, there’s going to be a touch of luxury too. You are Fergie this month. Live it. There’s a second new moon this month as well — February 18  — which will help your career and finally get things moving. Creativity will be flowing from your bones, which is helpful whether you’re a graphic designer or a commodities trader working on a deal involving maize. Maize is corn.

And when it comes to love, that weekend of February 21st is your time to shiiiine. (But careful: if could be with someone in the office. Tread lightly. Put nothing in writing, and label your stapler.)

Scorpio

“Career, home life, love, and romance – everything seems to be coming together for you in one big package, tied with a big white bow.” – Susan Miller, singer of dreams.

The major focus, however, is your job. Susan predicts your name in lights, regardless of industry. And you know what comes with name in lights right? Money. You’ll get a raise, a bonus, a bag of cash could hit you on the head from the sky — you never know in this wacky world that is determined by planets and the strange things that Susan Miller writes.

If you’re dealing with home matters, go through everything carefully. Think of it as a lice check and you as the fine tooth comb. With Mercury barely lifting a planetary finger over in Slothland, USA, you’re forced to be more careful than usual. Things have been moving slowly, I know. Ask me how long it took me to write these. But patience is a virtue and pistachio is an ice cream flavor and the 11th will be here before we know it.

When it comes to love, now through March is going to be the best phase of the year for “finding new love or celebrating the love you have now.” Why? “You will have the Sun, new moon, Neptune, Venus, and orbiting close to Venus, Mars, all in your house of true love” — “the sexiest, most glamorous group of planets possible to be in your true love house.” Amen. Always $trive And Prosper.

Sagittarius

Huh. Susan seems to think you are either in a legal case, traveling, or planning to go back to school right now. Though the three seem to be on different ends of the spectrum, here’s what they have in common: fleece zip-ups and, per Susan — good results.

This full moon of February 18th will keep you busy, especially if you work in publishing, advertising, broadcasting, film, the travel business, public relations, marketing, or sales. “You will be on your skateboard, for sure.” This fits in with the fleece theme?

Susan then takes us into one giant paragraph about your home improvement sector and how you’ll spend a large chunk of time deciding on paint chips. But do you care about this? No! (Maybe.) Here’s what everyone really cares about this month: LOVE. Only your Valentine’s day may come a week later.

TBH — a lot of the signs’ will, so I say we re-adjust the calendar now. If you’re single and dating then Venus and Mars will “move mountains to make love happen.” If you’re a mountain, Venus and Mars may be pushing at your butt. Don’t be too picky when someone suggests a potential match, and if you’re already hitched: do a staycation in bed.

Capricorn 

Last but not least since you just had a birthday, we have the Capricorn Candycornz, and for you be-horned beauties, it’s about money. You could be getting a bonus, receive university financial aid, an awesome scholarship or a scholarship for being awesome, a raise, or maybe you’ll be adopted by the same guy who adopts Little Orphan Annie and you’ll spend the rest of your life in a musical.

Susan Miller was truly $usan Miller this go-round, writing about cash flow for about 3,000 words.

“If you feel you need a fun, romantic vacation,” she finally says after pages and pages of dollar signs (boo hoo), “you have the right aspects to have a dream of an experience.” Aspects meaning money, dream-of-an-experience meaning…the ultimate vacation in Tulum, or somewhere else hot-n-tropical? Maybe you can swap spots with Mercury because planet’s been straight chillin. Either way, you’ll have Mars in your house of quick, short travel until the 19th. “The transiting moon will be in Capricorn, making it the perfect time for you and your sweetheart / spouse to book a cozy bed and breakfast inn in the countryside to enjoy private time for ‘just us two.'” And me too.

As for that weekend of February 21-22 that Susan Miller keeps hinting at romantically for everyone else? Focus on your home. Avoid Ikea, but do have a house party, and if you don’t mind, invite us all.

Capricorn

Happy birthday, happy New Year and happy Gilmore, Capricorn. Your sign is meant for celebration because you’ve got a built-in festive hat with those two cool horns. If we’re talking big picture here, 2014 might have been a little rough for you because Uranus, planet of butts, was fighting with poor little Pluto all up in your space since 2012. The interplanetary drama ends in March — it might take a little time to feel relief, but just know it’s coming. Be gentle with your words; keep your hoops in.

Venus is not only going to shave your legs this month, but make it rain — especially on January 13th. This increase in money (a raise at work, maybe finding out you’re the Princess of Genovia) could account for the note Suz left you that on January 21 that you’ll get a chance to travel. Maybe you’ll be reckless with your own collar bones and go skiing! Maybe you won’t! I have no clue what you do in your spare time but I’ll speculate and exclamate! She astutely points out that “goats love mountains,” though, so sounds like putting yourself in a cold ass environment on purpose is in the cards. In fact, the whole end of the month looks good for travel. If you’re seeing someone it will strengthen the love, and if you’re single then it will force you to mingle. “The point is,” writes $uz, “have fun and give yourself a complete break from routine and your usual cares.” See my whole “let’s forget the real world” spiel above: Susan Miller is on our side.

Aquarius

No songs that Steve Carrel once lip-synched to this time. It’s just you, me and your horoscope. “This will be a landmark month for you,” Miller Lite writes. “Smaller, personal planets that orbit close to earth surround you like loving little relatives, hoping that they can make any possible wish you hold in your heart come true.” However — we have to wait out the bitchy ass moon that hit us last night for a few days. You’ll have Mars on your side which gives you “courage and drive,” so keep on keeping on and power through this like a champ. “Failure does not exist in your universe.” – Susan Miller, astrologist / Coach Taylor enthusiast.

Take advantage of Mars now because you’ve got a retrograde coming up from January 21 until February 11. It’s going to slow you down a bit, so line your ducks up in a row ASAP then kindly refrain from whacking them on the head and yelling “goose.” And because I know you want to know: this is your month for love. Venus and Mars are doing the sideways disco to Stevie Wonder in your sign if you know what I mean, causing you to be more charming and fun and magnetic than ever. In fact, if you are of the few who did not get engaged over the holidays (which means you and I are not Facebook friends) it might happen on January 25.

Pisces

Ok Life Aquatic of Steve Zissou, as with everyone else, we’re all getting fish slapped by the full moon. Because it’s in Cancer, which is a water sign, Susan feels confident you’ll get through it just fine, but note that money will feel tight or a bit of a concern. Solution: hang out with a Capricorn, they just got rich.

Or, wait until January 13 when you might start getting some sweet financial news.

Of note: Mercury’s going to Club Retrograde which is the New Tulum which is the New St. Barths on January 21. Must be nice. It’s not going to be as annoying as last time but it will slow things down. It also encourages backwards movement, so while it’s not a smart idea to start a new venture, should someone trustworthy from your past get in touch with an idea for an app, hear them out. This could be cool.

Your sign was super long and I needed a nap about 100 times while writing this, but my major takeaway besides what I’ve already mentioned is something Suz is telling all of us: get out there this month. Travel. Hike, explore. Wear khaki shorts with brown traction sneakers. “By the time the friendly solar eclipse occurs March 20,” she concludes, “you may find your life evolving and growing rapidly, just like Jack and the Beanstalk’s beans.” She’s stoked, I’m stoked, you’re stoked. Beans.

Aries

Stop worrying about that super weird thing you did at your office holiday party, Aries, because you killed it where it counts and caught the eyes of a few people important to your career. It’s possible you recently heard good news (promotion, new job, a bouncy ball chair). If you didn’t, it’s coming — but don’t stop the hustle. Or drop that dun dun nah.

Your ruling planet Mars goes into Pisces on January 12 until mid February. Really take this time to be alone and chill. Tell your FOMO to shut up if it gets antsy. When is the last time you heard someone say, “Man, that January was AWESOME”? Never. Stay in bed. The best ideas always come to you while lying down anyway (Sontag wrote horizontally should a nap occur), and on both January 14 AND 27 you’ll be all smart and witty thanks to Uranus, the planet of genius. There’s a joke somewhere in that sentence but I can’t make it work, since I’m not an Aries.

One more good day for you: January 30, when Mars and Pluto will give you the confidence you need to do something you want. That’s a Friday, by the way. Sounds like a certain Aries up in this house is winning an amateur ballroom dance contest.

Taurus

I don’t normally talk shit about Pluto because what has Pluto ever done to me, but apparently it’s being The Worst in our legal sector at the beginning of the month which is going to make stuff (contracts, publishing, life, IDK) more complicated. Thanks to the full moon, talks won’t go smoothly, words will be taken the wrong way and we’ll probably get in a fight. Awesome! That was so fun to swallow and write.

Can a girl get some good news up in here, though? Yes she can. Our career’s gonna kill it. It’s basically all Susan wrote about in our sign, besides her TV show coming out February 1 (!!!). Thanks to Venus, we’re gonna be badge-wearing members of Prestige Worldwide. “The emphasis on your career will continue through March – the first quarter of this year will be your most important time to make your biggest strides to establish yourself professionally.” Ladies, let’s go suit shopping.

As for $ocial life, our dance cards will be filled through February 19. Romance looks strong, friendships will be flowing like vinyasa, we’ll be partying and shaking it and generally doing all the things we should probably take a break from doing after the holiday season but you know what, Team Taur? Sometimes a girl’s just gotta delay the diet one more month for the sake of fun.

Gemini

Apparently no one ever taught Susan Miller or me that it’s impolite to talk about money so here you have it: you’ll be be obsessed with money in early January. You’ll turn into one of those people who’s always, like “Oh can we stop at the bank on our way to brunch?” You may feel tension over money too, mostly because Uranus is a literal butt and Pluto’s being a bit of a shit this month (see Taurus). Mo money, mo problems. Or, you know, the opposite. Suz seems confident you can get through this, though.

Now that your financial Brazilian wax is over, let’s talk about the fun stuff! “The rest of the month will be lovely,” she says. “Mars went into Aquarius, a place that’s divine for you, on December 5 last month and will remain in that sign until January 12.” She even goes so far as to say that things will go “miraculously well.” (She’s off talking about publishing, TV and broadcasting again, you know Suz, but let’s just throw the Miraculous Blanket over everything for the sake of us.)

Jan 13 is going to be a social day for you. You could meet someone new — whether you’re attached or single — so brush your hair and clear your awkward Instagram history in case you need to show your new friend something hilarious.

Cancer

Sounds like pressure between Pluto and Uranus has been negatively affecting you since 2012. They’ll leave you alone in March but you won’t feel the full release until October. This current new moon’s going to bug you too — sounds like you could have a tricky situation with a boss or client. Stay focused! Eye on the prize. Life hasn’t been all diamonds and champagne, but as Lisa Vanderpump says, it should be. The good news is that per the gross adage about pressure and coal and uranus, a diamond eventually comes out.

Here’s the diamond (and I will refrain from inserting a picture of myself): you’ll not only be able to handle everything, but you’ll benefit from what you learned. Eye roll? Ok, here’s a better diamond. You’ll come into cash this month! Hello! And you may find a financial solution to something annoying, like college loans.

You’re going to be full of ideas this month, so may I please have them, and on January 30th, your romantic partner will snap out of whatever funk he or she was strewing in. Take a trip with them. Susan clearly wants us out of the house on this day, and who are we to argue with her?

Leo

“This will be your year, dear Leo, for Jupiter, the giver of gifts and luck, is in Leo for the first time since August 2002 to August 2003.” Well there you have it, East Dillon Lions. Do you even need a full horoscope after that glowing one-liner?

Lots of money for you this year. I believe Susan uses the words “abundance of cash.” It’s all related to the work you do from now until mid-August though, so don’t slack. Jupiter’s going to help you find your “one true love” during this same time period. And if you’ve already found that person, you’re going to take it to the next/final step and hopefully announce it in a way that doesn’t involve the two of you bursting naked from a cake at your own surprise party.

Susan’s a little worried that you’re feeling fatigued today, however. (So drink coffee? I’m not a doctor.) On another note, Mercury will “go retrograde” from January 21 to February 21, a verbiage that still confuses me but I just say what Suz says. Don’t make any “binding commitments” during this time. I guess if someone does propose during this time period just distract them with confetti or something and get back to them? Again, not a doctor. I’m but a messenger of the stars; and they, they are just like us.

Virgo

Allow me to be frank like a hot dog: the beginning of January is going to be rocky thanks to the new moon on January 4 who’s acting like a real meat stick, but as Susan says (I guess this is supposed to be reassuring), “Full moons deliver news, and then they are quickly gone.”

Mercury’s retrograding this month (show of hands in the comments: does Mercury ever NOT retrograde?) from January 21 to February 11, and it’s going to delay work projects and bug your health. Mistakes are easy to make during this time, wires will get crossed, all that fun junk.

But! “Watch for one of your best career days at the office on January 13,” writes You Know Whooz, “when Venus will be in sync with Uranus, and you will do such a great job, you will earn yourself an unexpected chunk of cash, in a one-time payment.” Still, she stresses the importance of being a team player. No one likes a group project but the extra help will benefit you this go-around.

Finally, January 30 will be a fun Friday night for ~*rOmAnCe*~, but the second half of this brand new year sounds like a giant culmination of every Nora Ephron movie ever, ending with you having a serious so this is love! make-out on top of the Empire State Building. Or just a really great time in Katz’s deli.

Libra

You’ll feel some tension at work until the new moon gets over himself on the 9th, but if you’re having one of those “Why can’t I recall simple words like ‘foot’? Why can’t I come up with a good Instagram caption? Am I having a stroke?” kind of weeks, never fear. Your brain will be back in full force on January 14 and 27 (no clue what’s going on during the days in between, sorry) when “Mercury, in your creative sector, will receive shimmering beams form Uranus, planet of genius.”

I’ve really been hating on this new moon, which is Susan’s fault, because it took us 9 whole signs for her to tell me something good about it. On January 20, it will fall in Aquarius 0 degrees and “light your house of true love.” You’ve apparently been waiting a lifetime for a moment like this. (Either Susan or Kelly Clarkson said that.)

Also helping you out is Mercury (FOR ONCE) who is retrograding (surprise, surprise) but it’s actually going to give you a chance to play around with the speed of your current relationship, or to get back together with an ex — preferably not the one everyone hates, possibly the one who texted you “Hey” on Christmas. Otherwise, thanks to Venus, you’ll meet someone sparkly and new.

Scorpio

Well you saucy stinger, I can take exactly one guess and nail it in regards to what you did this holiday break: HGTV. Susan says you’ve been focused on home, and family, which sounds like a Fixer Upper binge-sesh to me. This will be the focus for the next two months as well. Family and home, that is. Good thing HGTV pumps out new episodes like MTV used to with Next.

If you have the attention span of a cat with a laser beam and just read every else’s horoscopes then you know that the full moon is, per SuzMil: “a little witch.” It’s gonna cause some disruption in your world — “stay on your toes” she cautions, because maybe you’re also ballerina. (For real. Someone at work may be coming for you. As I told one of the earlier signs, focus on doing you and keep your hoops locked into your lobes. Or as motivational ‘grammers post: You’ve got this.)

If you need to go Home Depot, January 13’s a good day to do that. I wonder if they’re having a sale on faucets. When is not a good time to go to Home Depot? January 21 – February 11/never go there it’s terrifying, unless someone’s proposing to you…which they MIGHT, because:

“Mars will move into Pisces and light your house of romance and fun until February 19.” Mars is your ruler so you get to enjoy it the most. Apparently your loins will really heat up in March, but the trend starts now. Susan wants you to get blowouts, do squats, frequent grocery stores, any other advice your grandma tells you, yadda yadda.

Sagittarius

Oh mythical and equine celestial version of CatDog, find your nearest Saturn and kiss it (or don’t, because I used to have a Saturn SUV, and on the first day of its fourth year it just decided to stop driving). Saturn the planet, however, is helping you with some giant project very near to your heart that’s sure to become, per Suz, one of “your life’s pillars that will remain a sturdy constant in your life.” Respect and power are coming your way on this front.

If money feels tight, it’s temporary. If you don’t read your sign’s full post on Miller Lite’s site then you’re missing out on a really great Civil War comparison she makes. She also gives another fun scenario about how she used to go to the bank a lot. Unrelated! She’s wild. Then she gets back to you, where she encourages travel as a stress reducer and a staycation if you can’t bye-cation. She circles January 13 for you in an unplugging sense, because you’ll be “hungry for new ideas” and will “relish” in a creative project that you’ll “get your teeth into.” Someone wrote while hungry.

Watch out for retrograding Mercury (Jan 21 to mi-Feb) — I mostly say this to Leandra, because if you/she need to return anything you got over the holidays you better get it done now before Mercury makes it impossible. Ah, and of course you want to know about love: Venus has got your back. Best day: the 13th. Same day as your foodcation, which sounds like a love shack to me, honey bee.

Sagittarius

Happy Birthday to you, sweet Sagittarius. I know the holidays can feel super annoying because you’re like, “Hey guys, I was born this month too, you know.” Well guess what, eggnog head plus Leandra? Now you can feel extra special because — according to the One and Only Susan Miller — “for the first time since 1985 to 1988, Saturn will tour Sagittarius.” Your birthday this year is practically historic! What does that mean, though?

Well, Suzanna says that whatever you accomplish with Saturn stays with you for a lifetime. Work hard now and start achieving your dreams, because you’re in the sweet spot to do so. You may pop out a baby! (Not in the “OMG WHAT IS THIS THING?” sense but like, if you’ve been trying, it could happen now, and babies DEFINITELY stay with you a lifetime.) Or, you might do a lot of other cool stuff like become an astronaut or a human bagel. Saturn pushes you hard, and you may not actually see the benefits until 2017. This is sort of confusing because I think kids are less cute at age 2 than they are as hot-potatoes, but when it’s your own kid you’re probably way more excited about a baby that can run around than one who makes you hold his head up all the time. Babies are divas, huh?

And if you’re not into all this baby talk, Susan basically says this whole month’s going to be awesome and that on December 12-13, you’ll have “great fun and enjoy a touch of luxury.” Sounds like caviar and cheese sticks to me!

Capricorn

Apparently Saturn in Scorpio’s been holding your friendships hostage like a big freaky cult leader, but all of that is going to change. Turn your phone’s ringer on silent, because all of those who moved to Antarctica or were in a coma or whatever it is that friends are doing when they can’t hang out are going to come back into your life and start blowing you up (in a good way!), and the reason I suggest you turn your phone on silent is so that you’re not the pinging asshole at a meeting or in the theater.

You’re gonna spend a lot of money this month (probably because all your friends are coming back and friendship is the most expensive shoe that money can buy). That’s okay because A) who isn’t and B) you’re also going to get some good news that comes out of nowhere, like a pimple filled with glitter. Speaking of glitter! On New Year’s Eve, $uz writes, “the transiting moon will be in Taurus, lighting your house of love and romance. Now THIS is a New Year’s to celebrate!”

Aquarius 

Don’t click here if you hate fun! Now let’s focus: “Your ruling planet Uranus will be a virtual chatty Cathy,” writes You Know Who (hint: Susan Miller), “meeting here and there and everywhere with a number of other planets and stirring up surprises, opportunities, and breakthroughs.” Sounds like you’re going to be living la vida Boca Raton this month, to me.

Apparently today, December 4th, is supposed to be great for you, and Susan thinks you should hop town now for a long weekend getaway. (She mentions a ski resort but I hold ground re: Boca.) This weekend will also be a time for romance, which means if you’re metaphorically or legally hitched, cool, and if you’re single as a Pringle then get the hell out of the house and find an ugly sweater party STAT. Nothing says, “Wanna make out for the rest of our lives?” quite like one giant cable knit with two neck holes.

Pisces 

Apple Pie-sces, great news. Dollar-sign-for-an-S-usan says that December will be the most important month you’ve had/will have all year, since Saturn will leave your ninth house on Dec 23 and “release you from the tension you have faced since October 2012.” I wonder if you’ll meet a very handsome masseuse.

I also wonder if you’re feeling rather rich today, because apparently you’re supposed to come into some money on this very day of December 4th. I recently Christopher Columbus’d a fantastic not-new-show called Downton Abbey and personally keep waiting for a 12th-removed-cousin of mine to die (RIP) and then make me an heir, hold the -ess. I’m a Taurus not a Pisces so this is looking far more likely plausible for you than I. Say! Would you like to form a legal bond of some sort?

Aries 

I’ve gone 4 whole signs without making a butt joke and I’d be utterly remiss if I went any further. You don’t mind, do you? Tomorrow, December 5th, the full moon in Gemini will receive a happy beam from Uranus — talk about a TGIF #AMIRIGHT. (There will also be a beam from Jupiter but Jupiter means nothing to me as far as innuendos go.) Aside from the implications I just mentioned, this will be a romantic time for you per Susan the Planetsmith Miller. (Note that this type of moon-related prediction can actually span four days plus or minus the day it appears, so really, Uranus is going to be beaming up all kind of sparkly shit until what, the 10th?)

It’s a really good time to travel, and also, a great time for bargains! If I were you — and I just might be, although you wouldn’t know it because I’m super stealth when I possess someone — I would get my little fingers going and log on to all those websites that have fun commercials about cheap flights, and then go somewhere awesome. On a brainier note, “Anything having to do with your quest for higher education or research will do well for you.” Hit the books and you’ll reach the stars! That’s what I always say!

I’m not drunk.

Taurus 

We can kind of write our own stories, really, once Susan has given us the guidelines of the stars’ intentions, and so with that, because Taurus is my sign, allow me to take some creative liberties. Because this month is looking to bode extremely well in the way of new jobs, promotions, offers, winks, hints, grand career achievements and under the table notes that say things like, “Hey come work for me I’ll make you a billionaire!,” yadda yadda, you fellow Taurusii will likely land your dream job and I, because I work at Man Repeller and can’t leave, will probably just have to deal with accepting a Lordship or something as a side job.

She also notes that we’ll be very charismatic this month (what else is new) and recommends her usual tips about getting blowouts and beard trims and whatnot. Like we have to be told twice to pay a stranger to wash our hair, Susan.

We’re going to be busy, pretty, and just the right amount of champagne fizzy this December, fellow bull riders. I’ll bring the chaps, you bring the cowboy hats and let’s hang on until the weekend.

*See concluding sentence of Aries.

Gemini

Re: the concluding sentences of both Taurus and Aries, I may be lying, which means I in no way feel like being a downer so I’ll just get out with this quickly and then on to the fun stuff: December 15th looks like it’s going to be a really annoying day regarding money and health. You might be tempted to loan money to a friend (don’t) and you might need surgery (here’s hoping it’s only on your American Girl Doll who you still sleep with and she just needs a new head or something). If it’s not, just trust your doctor. Susan says you’ll be fine.

After the 15th, however, it’s looking like rain-down-money-city for you, so I picture your life to look a lot like the snapchat filter on Wall Street, which is so festive.

“If you celebrate Christmas,” writes Susan, “you will have fun on this day. The moon will be in Aquarius – perfect for you – and there is likely to be some sort of electronic wrapped up under the tree with your name on it. Yay!” And if you don’t, writes Amelia, then you will probably still have fun on this day because no one will bother you on email and maybe it will snow and you can jump around like a Labrador with your tongue out and cry things like, “Good golly Miss Molly, is it cold!”

Cancer

Guess what, sugar crab? December’s a cute month for you. You may get a rai$e (the roof, am I right?), or if you’ve been negotiating for better health insurance, vacation days, legroom etc, you’ll get it. “These aspects are as rare as diamonds,” writes the Suz, and she couldn’t be more correct.

“Wait! There’s more!” she continues. (I am but her messenger.) On December 5, Mercury will “create a trine to Uranus in your tenth house of fame, so clearly, in December you will be batting one home run right after another. December 5 would be the day to make a presentation or sales pitch to a top client. You are likely to be articulate, authoritative, and persuasive, and with Uranus, the planet of unexpected developments, supportive to Mercury, ruling news, you may have something to celebrate soon!”

Good lord she doesn’t stop with you this month, does she? December 20th is going to be another great time for you as far as a vibrating Uranus goes, which means good things in terms of you becoming famous or getting good grades or shaking it like a salt shaker (tbt).

“Uranus will give the month a spicy, fun, unexpected tone, and it will be one you will enjoy.” Sounds like you can eat all the Indian food you want this month, Cancer.

Leo

Obviously Susan opens up your sign by signing your praises because she’s obsessed with Leos: “As a Leo, you love the social side of life. You are sophisticated, with refined taste and quick wit. You also are gregarious, have a great sense of humor, and tend to be well read, and that makes you a great conversationalist. It’s easy to see that you would be an asset at any gathering. It looks like you will be invited to a marvelous holiday party over the full moon as the month opens, on December 6, plus or minus four days.”

Maybe she buttered you up because she was getting ready to parlay into another point: that she thinks this month is going to be all about fitness for you. Snooze. (Tip: Don’t Instagram it.) Maybe you want to wear a see-through sparkly dress a la Rihanna-at-the-CFDAs that one time and need to be in tip top post-Thanksgiving shape, though, I don’t know. Or maybe by fitness she means…fitness pants, which translates to stretch-city USA, if you ask me. And you did.

To conclude this babbling brook:

“New Year’s Eve brings the transiting moon to Taurus, so you may be ringing in the New Year socializing with executives you know from work, or, because Uranus will be bursting with energy, you may instead ring in the New Year from distant shores.”

Virgo

“From now on,” writes Susan, “and continuing for the lion’s share of the coming three years (the only exception being…June 14 to September 17, 2015), you will be focused on your home.” This means you might be getting serious about buying a house (wanna buy me one too, please?) or decorating (see Libra’s sign below, maybe you two can accompany $uz so she stops bugging me about it).

Because of Saturn being annoying in regards to “sacrifice” so that you “concentrate on a goal” (like no video games or something?) you may take it easy on the Seamless to save money. Although maybe that’s for the best. “I just read a statistic that was a bit scary,” writes Susan or Leandra, I can’t be sure on this one: “When any of us eat out, we eat an average of 200 more calories than we would have consumed at home, and this was true with every meal. I bet that number is on the low side, considering how much excess butter, oil, and cream is added to the average restaurant dish.” Ugh. HEALH. This is not the month for it, mom.

Just kidding Susan and Leandra! I meant: Yay! Health!

As for some truly good news: your love life is going to be all up in the damn flames of heavenly hugs. Swipe right, swipe right, swipe right.

Libra 

Ok don’t panic. You may be hosting guests at your house at some point during the holiday season. I pray for your sanity that they do not overstay their welcome, that they make their beds and respect shower schedules. Susan also hints that you may be in search of the perfect piece of furniture, because it’s not a Susan Miller Horoscope without her in some way hinting that she would like someone to accompany her to either Home Depot or West Elm. Why she can’t just go alone, I do not know, Libra. I do not know.

Sounds like the 6th may bring a trip for you — a rather spontaneous one — all because Uranus is at a twerking angle which will shower you with surprises. She thinks you might even go to New York (come say hi!) or Paris or you know, something casual, like Gstaad.

The same full moon that got Uranus all hopped up on Beyoncé’s “7/11” may have other treasures for you as well, says Susan, although I must admit I’m paraphrasing just a little in terms of Bey. You’ll be wrapping up a lot of stuff up this month: work things, presents, mummies, which must be such a nice, satisfying feeling. Before you go, though! Apparently 2 days ago was a really serious day for love for your sign. Since I didn’t get a text from you, please holla at your girl in the comments below and confirm or deny.

Scorpio

As for you, my Scorpion Queens, this will be an amazing month for your career. You’re going to come into money, have a party, go to a hoedown and feel divine. And guess what else you’ll do? TRAVEL. (Just not on December 24th because Susan is telling everyone to avoid this day.) Why travel though, other than the fact that you probably have cabin fever in your own city and going somewhere new is an excuse to pretend your credit card bill doesn’t actually exist? Because romance will be linked to it. Per our girl: “Venus will go into Capricorn, a sign that blends well with yours, on December 10, and remain there until January 3.” Sounds like someone is going to have a holiday hook up.

A very, very important note on said travel: bring your cell phone, and make sure your data plan/international services are good to go. Your career is on fire this month, and you may just get a certain email from someone who is trying very hard to reach you to tell you that you’ve either just been chosen to appear on the upcoming season of Game of Thrones Meets the Bachelor or, more notably: “it could be the job of your dreams.”

Libras. How do you feel being galaxy twins with A$AP Rocky? If you’re looking for a Halloween costume then might I suggest Liberace since you can’t spell “sequined tuxedo” without your sign. You can’t spell it without “Bonnie Tyler” either, bright eyes, because there’s a Total Eclipse of the heart/full moon on October 8. (And another eclipse on the 23rd.) You may feel jittery or anxious during this time because eclipses bring change and sometimes uncomfortable truths, but, per Susan they’re your friends because they “show you latent situations you would have never known existed so that you can get help quickly.” Real friends will help you through this so-called “friend” of an eclipse as well, so make sure you’re following them back now on social media. As for love, your best days are the 18th & 19th when “Mars and his lover Venus will flirt with each other in the evening sky.” 

Scorpios, for Halloween you guys should put Swimmies on your arms and wings on your back, then tell people you “float like a butterfly, sting like bee.” Remind them that you’re a Scorpio if they miss the joke. K. So we have two eclipses coming up but the second one (occurring October 23rd) is happening in your sign. Since it’s a solar eclipse, Susan predicts a man might leave your life — if you’re dating a guy and you feel him doing the slow fade, let him. Eclipses are all about starting over. Speaking of, you may start a new, creative project this month. Maybe you’ll become one of those exceptionally skilled pumpkin carvers, the kind who pulls gourd innards from out of the Jack-O-Lantern’s mouth so it looks like he’s barfing. Regarding work, have the money talk on the 15th, but it’s the 10th that Susan feels is really strong. In fact, she suggests rescheduling any  earlier meetings to this day to push them even more in your favor. Just make sure you set, like, 100 alarm clocks, because Mercury’s retrograding and being a bitch.

Since you Sagittariuses are already half horse, half human, grab a wig and stick some flowers in your tail. Halloween surprise! You’re a centaur from “Fantasia.” You don’t get to revel in the sleepy haze of Merc’s annoying retrograde  — you Sagz are having a busy career month —  but the retrograde could cause communication issues so let all moon dust settle before making quick decisions. The eclipse on the 8th is gonna light up your house of love, kids and pregnancy, which is great because pregnancy is trending. It’s also gonna light up your house of creativity, but note that you and a colleague may butt heads in the process. This “dynamic tension,” as Susan calls it, will ultimately drive both of you to end up with an even better finished product than before the head ramming. She also hinted that October 28th is your best day to buy a new couch.

Capricorns, Susan is playing mother hen to you this month. She will probably make you wear a turtleneck and tights underneath your Halloween costume if it’s cold. Rather than declaring she’s ruined Halloween for you, however, maybe consider the fact that turtlenecks are cool and you’re getting free candy either way, so calm down. Still: don’t sign papers this month. Don’t buy a house. Don’t act impulsively. Stay away from all Best Buys. Travel, but triple check the labels on your luggage. You’ll make an important new friend, but they might be older than you so don’t rudely bring up age. Here’s the good news: Mars is on your side, making you extra-attractive to the 11 other signs. (Probably your own sign, too, but all other Caps may be checking out their blowouts in the same mirror.)

You should dress like a 1969 hippie, Aquarius, then carry a sign that says “ASK ME ABOUT MY SIGN,” and when people ask you, you can burst into song all about the age of Aquarius. If you’re traveling this month be diligent as fuq to dot your t’s and cross your eyes because the eclipse on Oct 8 is really coming for you. That was just a test, by the way. Did you pass? (It’s “dot your i’s and cross your t’s,” so I hope you’re taking me and this eclipse a bit more seriously, now.) It’s not all womp-womp noises, though: on October 9 and 10, “a golden triangle will appear in the sky, all made up of friendly planets in fire signs. Lucky you, your air sign element blends beautifully with fire.” What does this mean? Not sure. But also, good things for love, career and breakthrough opportunities.

Ah, Pisces, not even you can escape the paradox of Susan Miller predictions: she says that due to Mercury in retrograde, this will be a slow month, but then because of the two eclipses, it will be a fast one. Maybe it’s both, similar to how “sexy fish” would be a paradoxical (but not impossible!) Halloween costume. I’m sure someone’s figured it out. Now, on October 8th (that’s one day away) the eclipse is going to send some news your way that is going to shock you harder than a carpet shuffler touching a doorknob. Deep breaths, it will all work out for the best. It’s good to be prepared though, in case your surprise happens to get filmed for a bad reality show called, “Eclipsed!” The month gets better as it carries on: the 15th brings money, the 25th puts an emphasis on your social life. Come the 28th, Neptune’s gonna have a one-nighter with the Sun, resulting in ” a wonderful aspect to enhance creativity and love.”

Don’t lock yourself out of the house this month, Aries.  At least not when you’re dressed up like “Ace Ventura: Pet Detective” (tutu scene) for Halloween and it’s below 50 degrees outside. (Capricorn hated this idea but maybe you can wear sheer tights just in case.) Other things to beware: sending the wrong email to the wrong Rob. Taking your earrings off in cabs. Making decisions too quickly. Basically, treat this whole month as though you’ve had too much to drink but you are in an environment where you very much need to KITC — Keep It Together, Carol. The thing about Mercury retrograding is it gives you an excuse to not rush. Meanwhile the good thing about these eclipses is it will force you to see things at the end of the tunnel in a new light. On the 25th, you’ll have Mars in your career house, a movement that caused Suz to predict big things for your job (a new title, responsibility, power) come 2015.

All members of the Taurus clan are welcome to go dressed with me as the entire cheer squad from Bring it On for Halloweezy if you’d like. All members of the Taurus clan are not, however, encouraged to buy the new iPhone 6 Plus if you haven’t made moves already. Mercury, man. Always getting in the way of life. Mercury’s going to cause a lot of backsliding — redoing projects, redoing medical tests, redoing messy buns. The eclipse of the 8th will bring news that shocks us. (Please let it be that the O.C. movie is finally happening.) When things calm down after the eclipse goes all apeshit on our lives, however, we’ll see the next move much more clearly, further solidified by the eclipse on the 23rd that will move up timetables in our favor. Our best romantic dates will be October 18, 19 and 20, so let’s make sure to carry around a fresh supply of Chapstick and let the stars uncross in our favor.

Geminis, at the very least your sign wins this month for Most Creative Susan Miller Inro, where in regards to the retrograde and 2 eclipses that I’m sick of typing about, she offers the following: “…don’t be blue. The month has many special moments spaced over the entire month, like multi-colored sprinkles on a pretty cupcake.” The woman loves an edible metaphor, and I can’t say I blame her. (Smells like a Halloween costume to me.) With the first eclipse on October 8th comes an end to something in your life, and you may receive troubling news. Sit on it, don’t act too fast. Eclipses happen for a reason. However, there’s a small crew of Geminis who are going to be having The Best Eclipse ever! The planets’ alignments with their very specific hours of birth and what not will cause a select few to have everything go their way. Attn: non-special Gemini — find one of these people. Declare them as your Gemi-twin and hang on through the solar system ride. By the 23rd, everything will even out. If I were a human Magic 8 Ball and you just shook me I’d reply with an inky, mysterious, “Outlook’s good.”

Just because you’ve got a hard shell doesn’t mean you’re impervious to the two eclipses and long bout of retrograding-ass Mercury we have going on, Cancer. You’ll feel it too. Susan thinks the course of this month will go in a direction you never saw coming, which makes sense, because do crabs have eyes? Oh you do. I apologize. But at least that means you could be a pilot for Halloween! Eclipse-shit aside, sounds like the 10th is a good opportunity for you to advance in your career, land a deal, or make more money. In fact, just when you were about to send out a mean sub-tweet about eclipses in general, maybe I should let you know that the one on the 23rd is going to help you find love.

Hey Leos, I have an idea: why don’t you and your friends and maybe a few strangers go as the entire cast of The Lion King on Broadway replete with subway singing and airplane flash-song-ing? Sure it requires a little dedication, but you’re a Leo. I think you can handle it. Anyway, while Susan’s been repeating the same dance regarding retrograding Mercury and the 2 eclipses, she put it best for your sign: “October brings an array of delays, forgetfulness, and postponements, but you have a choice. You can view October as a ball of frustration and pull your hair out, or you can see October as a full length, funny cartoon movie, too silly to take seriously.” Let’s go with the latter, for your hair and all of our sakes. You may travel so just make sure your passport is hung from your neck. A family situation may arise, or a health issue, but ride it out — no sudden movements. You’re a lion, Simba. Everything the light touches will be yours if take this month to chill.

Virgo, I hope you and I are ok. I know you feel kind of shafted because you didn’t get your September horoscope until mid-birthday month, but maybe that was a foreshadowing of Mercury in retrograde and now you’re a better person for the delay. Try to not get angry with Mercury — it is your ruling planet, after all. Instead, take the opportunity to think through decisions. Sounds like money will take a turn for the great around the 13th. Speaking of $, go shopping. Mars is going to be in your house by the 26th, encouraging you to meet new people and acting as a planetary wing-woman. (You’ve got Venus on your side too, so get a haircut. You’ll look great.) Just before this, on the 18th, Susan Miller suggests you throw a house party, which is precisely why I’ve been advising each sign as to what their costumes should be. We were hoping you could make the theme Early Halloween to poke fun at the retrograde, and you yourself could dress up as Susan. Or the solar system. Or both.

Virgo

Happy birthday! I hope a celebrity jumped out of a giant cake for you. Spend this month ensuring that your life looks awesome on Instagram, because Mercury is going to retrograde come October which means issues with technology (read: one seriously aggressive waiting list for the flatscreen TV being marketed as the iPhone 6 Plus. That or you’re going to crack a screen). You might have gotten engaged over the weekend, and if you didn’t, it’s coming: Venus is all up on your sign’s shit and that means you are RADIATING animal magnetism. No pronoun-friend as potential fiancé? Not for long — this month, that person you think is staring at you on the subway might actually be staring at you. Check Missed Connections. Finally, on September 25th,  you just might win Cash Cab. Nothing says happy birthday quite like financially-charged trivia.

Libra

You’ve got Mars in Sagittarius acting as a natural filter over your life, so hang out with a Virgo. I just told them they need to work on their Instagrams. Meanwhile you, my friend, will be living up fall. You’ll probably walk around and tell everyone how this is totally your season and set up group trips to go apple picking even though Trader Joe’s is having a sale on autumnal fruit. Careful though: the reason Mars is casting everything you see in a golden light is because it’s setting other stuff on fire (hello I tried to foreshadow this in the intro), like family affairs and paper signing. So, if you can, hold off on John Hancocking-documents or telling your sister that you don’t like her new couch. Save this for November. September 23rd and 24th, however, will be two excellent days to take a step towards a life goal.

Scorpio 

You know that saying, “the planets have aligned?” It’s happening to you right now — re-watch “Serendipity” and get excited. (You’ll also get a crush on John Cusack, and a craving for overpriced slushies that taste like Cocoa Puffs.) Mars in Scorpio means your winks will entice (“Come hither!) as opposed to causing alarm (“Is she having a stroke?”) and you’ll be one lean, mean, charisma machine. Circle September 25th because that is your day for opportunity — don’t sleep in. On a more snooze-Suz-worthy (but important) note, be focused this month. Save your money, take out the trash. October is going to be annoying and retrograde-y, so check off your to-do list now so that you don’t panic when your halloween costume ends up costing more than your high school prom dress.

Sagittarius 

Maybe you jumped out of Virgo’s cake because September is your time for a breakthrough. According to our girl Susan, “a golden triangle will appear in the sky, indicating supreme harmony among three planets: Jupiter, the planet of good fortune, in Leo; Uranus, planet of sudden change and surprise, in Aries; and action planet Mars in Sagittarius.” Don’t brag, but because you’re a fire sign you’ll be one of the people benefitting most from the stars’ Hova-hands. It’s a good time to speak your mind, tell a story, talk to your boss, send out your resume — everyone will listen. September 22, make it rain. September 25, look good and walk a drunk dog with a poor sense of direction, because love could bump into when you least expect it or you could bump right into love.

Capricorn 

Sounds like you work in fashion but don’t cover the international shows, because your life just opened up on the 13th for socializing with friends “at long last.” Maybe you’ve gotten a lot of “R u dead” texts lately. Get your friends to hang out somewhere other than da club, though, because you need to rest up for one crazy ass November that Suz is predicting. You’ve got a new moon in Libra coming up on September 24th which means good things for your career (focus now because October’s gonna be like, zzz) and on September 25th, Uranus, “planet of surprise, will send a shimmering vibration to Jupiter.” So maybe instead “crazy ass” I should have actually written “sparkle ass,” because, you know, butt jokes.

Aquarius 

It is your time to shine this month, said Susan Miller-as-Richard Simmons. Your career — which has already had some momentum recently (yes? no?) — is going to really take off on September 22nd. Friend-wise, you’re going to be a social caterpillar and / or butterfly this month because every bug is beautiful and I don’t know why butterflies get all the glory. Maybe all your friends are Capricorns and they finally just came out of hibernation to hang. Maybe you guys have a Sunday football thing going on. Who’s to say. If you’re in a relationship and in that phase where you guys are more excited about “Gilmore Girls” on Netflix than OTHER STUFF, take a trip. Spice that curry up. And at the end of the month (yes yes, same day as everyone else, September 25) you’ll get a double dose of luck and welcome surprise. Sounds like free doughnut day at the office to me!

Pisces

Did you hear that a 10-year-old fish underwent surgery last week? The more you know. In other aquatically- charged news, this is the month for all your WiLdEsT DrEamZ 2 CoMe TruE. Every bit of good news you receive this month is all going to link up. You’ve got Mars helping you professionally for the first time in 2 years. You’ve got Saturn positioning you as a leader. You’ve got Pluto finally being useful. You’ll make friends! You’ll laugh and do things! On September 24th, you’ll make money. (Want to hang out with me on September 24th?) Finally, if you haven’t been feeling well, all will be resolved on the 25th. I think that fish thing I mentioned earlier was a sign that miracles can happen where you least expect it (or that vets have insanely steady hands), but if you’re a Pisces, life is starting to look especially bubbly.

Aries

Send out the memo now that you’ll be shortening Pumpkin Spice Latte to PSL this fall, because you’re in the midst of a productive month, and if Will Smith’s character from “The Pursuit of Happyness” taught us anything it’s that smart shortcuts can put you on the fast track to a career in investment banking. But really though: now’s the time that the job hunt may finally end. Pluto, the faux-fur of planets, is proving itself both vegan-friendly and useful this month by waking the fuck up after a “nap” it’s been taking since April 14 and will act as your intergalactic agent in terms of your professional life. Pay attention to clues, signs, and the glaringly obvious. Suz always says that horoscopes can only take you so far, and from there it’s up to you to rent the Zipcar and drive.

Taurus

We meet again, fellow bulls, and we’re all up in Virgo’s bday month since our signs blend like an earthy tuna melt. The first thing Susan tells us to do is the first thing I said I was giving up as part of my Fall Promises — aka going out after work — but I am not one to mess with the stars. This means I’m also not going to argue with the fact that she told us to go shopping, get our hair done, and do the damn thing in general. Venus is on our side so work the room, Tauruses. Work the room. More good news: Mars left Scorpio on Saturday so relationships on all fronts will improve, and Saturn left too which means health improves as well. (Bye!) Idk what those planets’ beef with Scorpio has to do with us, but I will tell you this: Sept 25 is golden for us, just like everyone else up in this constellation party.

Gemini

That good old Harvest Moon we had on the 8th should have affected your career in a positive way. If it did, keep reading. If it didn’t, maybe you’re like, “I hate horoscopes!” But still, please keep reading. Susan Miller plays the role of Martha Stewart in the next few lines, because she thinks (due to Venus) now’s a good time for you to buy a new piece of furniture, or a houseplant, or be one of those people who changes the decor with the season. On a real note: watch your bones and teeth. Saturn’s been draining the heck out of your calcium. If you’ve been feeling stressed about your health in general and hanging out with your doctors more than your friends, that will change now, along with a big home run coming September 24th courtesy of a new moon that will light up your solar fifth house of L-O-V-E.

Cancer 

Whoever your partner is, things may have been tense between you two. Maybe you’ve been a little, you know, crabby? Mars sure has been, but it left its much overstayed welcome on Saturday so you’ll be able to breathe soon (if you haven’t started already). Susan keeps talking about your baby sector. Are you having a baby? Maybe a food baby. Maybe it’s gonna be a real baby! If you need, I can babysit. In other home related news, Suz thinks the 29th is a great time for you to invite people over and show off your cooking skills. You didn’t invite me but I’ll come and bring the bread. Yes, little crab, the 25th is looking good for you, like everyone else. You’ll either have a WOOHOO moment at work, or a WOOHOO moment in the bank. Win, win if you ask me. And you asked.

Leo

Whether you live in NYC or not, your home may have been feeling too small lately. You’ve been getting that antsy claustrophobic feeling that comes with living with someone who continually leaves the toilet seat up, thus increasing your chance of 3 AM emergency room visits by at least double. This may be metaphorical, too. You might feel cramped in a relationship with a family member. But Mars peaced out of Scorpio on Saturday making everything easier, and it’s just going to get better from there. Make this a productive month to prepare for the retrograde in October. If you have the opportunity to travel, take it. You’ll be luckier in Bermuda than at home…but wouldn’t we all be. Finally, Mars is going to “jazz up” your love life so put your tap shoes on, baby lion. Let’s dance.

If you had the mind-boggling patience to read everyone’s signs, you’ll notice I mentioned the 25th a lot. Post-review SparkNote: that’s a good day for everyone, so voice your brain in the comments if we should have some sort of themed, remote-party then. I vote “festive hat day.” You?

Happy birthday to you, Leo-nardo da Vincis of the sky. If you’re reading this on August 7th, then guess who you share a womb-exit day with? Carl Switzer. Who’s that? Alfalfa. Which is fitting because he, like your sign and its lion-y mane, was known for his hair. Cool! Suzanne the Lion Tamer wrote that “a darling Leo friend” of hers asked, “Do I turn into a pumpkin on August 11, 2015 next year when Jupiter exits Leo?”

“No, no, that will not happen,” she replied. Just in case you have Apocolocynposis.

Download the Kim K app on August 10th because that’s apparently a great time for you to collaborate with stylists, agents, publicists etc. On August 25th, “Venus in Leo receives a brilliant vibration from Uranus in Aries from your ninth house of long distance travel,” so don’t ignore that tingling sensation in your butt or call your doctor because if it — it’s just nature’s way of telling you to take a vacation! And if you’re Snookin’ for love, the 16th is your day.

*

You Vir-go, Glen Coco. This month is about getting rid of your bad habits. Like hoarding, for one. And clipping your toe nails in public, for another. Clean your closets, sell your brother, and do an emotional juice cleanse but feel free to keep eating pie. In moderation. August 10th may bring news about health, but August 10th is also a Sunday so maybe you’re just going to be hungover. ON MONEY! Because this month it is going to rain sunshine and cash on your a$$.

*

Nothing’s better than getting home and taking your Li-bra off, am I right? But you really should feel free to kick back and relax in your full commando glory, because your sign is hanging out with Jupiter this month. Suz say: “Jupiter truly is that fairy-tale house where you can see one wish come through to you in the coming year. Jupiter is the planet of happiness, expansion, goodness, and even miracles, so you have every reason to feel you do have reason for hope.” Maybe put the bra back on for tomorrow, though, because the 8th is hook up city / lover lane central. It’s a romantic day, but aren’t summer Fridays always romantic? A week later (Aug 16-18) Jupiter’s gonna text Venus and be like, “Hey girl, know we haven’t talked in a year, but I was thinking, wanna reconnect and give Libra a shit ton of luck?” Venus may wait an hour to write back to seem cool, but you know she’s gonna RSVP “Yes.”

*

Scorpi-heyyyy-ooo, heyyyy-yoooo. Did you just feel like you were waving your arms in the ayer like you just don’t cayer for a moment right then? Great. So there’s a strong new moon in Leo which means great things because it is “the new best, most glittering new moon of the year,” you happy little pinching sand demons. If you’re thinking about switching jobs — maybe you don’t want to pinch/sting and potentially kill people walking in exotic deserts while barefooted even though it’s technically their fault for not taking the careful precautions! — start planting the seed now. August 18 will be a big ol day for you in this regard especially, because “a middleman, such as a job broker or headhunter,” might be at your service. Make an effort to be social at the end of August, but like, consider that you may have to take a pee test for this new job on your horizon. No judgements JUST SAYING!!!

*

Sagit-Darius Rucker and your remake of “Wagon Wheel,” get on your own bandwagon and travel this month! Go wherever your cute little heart desires right after you make sense of that strange, strange sentence I just wrote. If you’re getting ready to go back to college, as Professor Suz just pointed out, just know that you’ll really kill it when presenting any dioramas or paper mache volcanoes. She mentioned defending your thesis, technically, but who does that at the start of a semester? An eager beaver, that’s who. Not you. Whatever! This month is about taking opportunities for you. And tomorrow, Friday the 8th, Uranus is gonna all up in your house of true love. (That’s what she said! But actually, because Susan Miller said it).

*

Toot your own Capric-horn, because this is gonna be a good month. “So much of the hard work you have done over the past years is about to pay off financially in coming months, especially in August,” writes Suz. You’re going to make money, AND, with the new moon in Leo which is “the sign of royalty,” you are going to enjoy the feeling of luxury, baby. Maybe you will be invited to P.Diddy’s white party. Maybe you will be pulled on stage at a Bruno Mars concert. Maybe you will get one of those strange Silicon Valley ManServants and he will feed you grapes covered in gold. Maybe. In other Suz, August 15th is going to be a very nice day. And on August 26th — go have a barbecue, you crazy kid. You deserve it. I’ll have a hot dog.

*

Oh you sweet, harmonious Acca-quarius. Whatever you do, do not click here. Or here. Or here. I know you clicked so I hope you’re happy. You should learn to exercise restraint though, if you’re going to make Susan’s/the planets’ predictions come true. OH NOW you’d like to know? Fine. Well, this month you’re going to be doing the following: “growing your influence and power, perfecting your skills, and finding ways to increase business and your income.” Well don’t you just sound like the modern gardener. No. I have not had a drink yet today. Mars is in your tenth house of fame and honors (no clue) but that sounds like you’re going to win an award to me! Truly interesting to note: I believe you are the only sign Susan Miller does NOT want to travel. (If you do, keep it short.) Maybe she wants to hang out or something. Actually she definitely does, because she not-so-subtly hints: “If a friend wants you to meet someone new, don’t say no!” So Aquarius, meet Susan. Susan, meet Aquarius. Have fun hanging out without me, assholes 🙁

*

Damn girl, break me off a Pisces of that. Susan wrote: “Pisces began seeing their finances gyrating starting in December of last year, but in ways you may not have expected.” Well no shit, because if my “finances” were doing the type of dance that I associate with inappropriate d-floor gring and/or the Disco era, I’m not going to say I was concerned but yea, it wouldn’t have been what I “expected.” Her point: more money is going to come in. Now listen. Susan brings up weight loss this month. She does it gently, something along the lines of, “If you want to lose weight this month…” which is fine, health is important, but does she not understand that June / July are about getting in shape for August because you forgot to do it during April and May, whereas August is all about YOLO-eating lobster rolls as appetizers before your lunch? Apparently not. She also says she has a “magical feeling” that you’ll be invited to a party on August 23, 24, or 25, which sounds like the one she’s trying to throw at a Gemini’s house when they/me/the rest of us leave town per her urging. It’s really just you and the Aquariuses that she’s inviting so whatever, so long and thanks for all the fish.

*

Cute underweAries, Jan! If it wasn’t gross to share, I’d ask to borrow them. “Mars will be in exact degree of friendliness to send a shimmering beam to Jupiter in Leo,” nonsensically wrote Susan or perhaps my eyes are just falling out of my brain. “Mars will also be in fine angle to Uranus in Aries. A golden triangle will appear in the heavens, so although news may initially be surprising, you can make things work in your favor.” THINGS. Let’s allow this to be vague because I think I did that thing where I read but didn’t absorb information and don’t feel like going back. Besides, all anyone reads their horoscopes for is to get the dirt on their own love life, right? Well guess what. A new moon lit the fire of passion at the end of July in that kitten sign called Leo, so your house of romance and fun is just one big firework ready to go off before Labor day. Be open to someone who doesn’t necessarily adhere to your typical “type,” however. This is fantastic advise for anyone with a tendency towards sociopaths and cartoon characters!

*

Taurus, no clever name jokes for you guys. Not this month. Not with this brain. “Grab your skateboard, dear Taurus,” said Susan who clearly is confused about our preferred form of both transportation and recreational hobby. “You may have assumed not much happens in August, but if so, think twice! This won’t be a sleepy, lazy little month, but one packed with lots of action. You won’t have a moment to spare!” Guys, we’re gonna be busy. If you’re trying to sell a condo in Boca, you’re in luck. If you’re looking for a deal at Ikea? Also in luck. We’re gonna make that $, possibly become a reality television star, and, if we’re focused, maybe we’ll design an app. August 25th will “spark new love and relationships” so schedule your waxes ahead of time, people. You do not want to be rocking your in-between-phase during the sparkliest day of Augustian romance! I’ll give you my girl’s number if yours is booked.

*

Gemin-hiii, what’s up? Suz recommends that you, like everyone else this month, travel. Get the hell out of town. Take a tan. Take a taxi. Honestly, she’s recommended that so many of us travel this month that I, for one, am getting a little concerned that she’s trying to throw a house party at your place. The weekend of August 16-17 sounds like you might have a little summer fling if you know what I mean, and then on a less fun but still important level, any work project you have to do this month is gonna kill it in the positive sense and not the murderous sense. Also, “Jupiter, the great planet of good fortune, is in now circulating in your solar third house of writing, speaking, editing, fact checking.” If you work at New York Magazine, you’re probably like, “Cool!” It’s also a good month to get a pet. Moo.

*

Hold me closer, tiny Cancer. Susan talked way too much about money for you. You’re going to make it! You’re going to be annoyed by it but then find resolutions! Then comes more money! At first I was like, “Great, these Cancers are going to love me because I am going to tell them alll about how they are going to get rich,” but then I was like, “Susan. It is not polite to talk about money at the dinner table and I know it’s early but I’m already getting hungry again and a little bored so this has to, has to end.” It didn’t really end. She did, however, say you may see your sibling this month, so that may be less than thrilling. OR it may be super thrilling! I don’t know, I don’t have a sibling and I don’t know your life. August 15 will be a great day for love and matters involving pregnancy, though, so maybe you’ll give birth to your twin and wind up on TLC. I don’t write the rules you guys, I just summarize them.

Cancer 

Happy birthday Cancer! I hope you have already eaten so much cake that you have a weird sensation in the back of your jaw signifying a sugar overdose or too much MSG. There’s two annoying days in July — one we’ve passed (July 4th, looking at you, ARTHUR) and today. Today might be annoying for you because you chose to read this instead of doing work and your VIP got mad (I don’t blame you: birthday month + heat = nap/snack/party/bullshit). The good Suz is that it won’t matter — your income is about to raise the roof $$$. She advises all Cancers to shop, get their hair did, smile a ton, and work that Venus-amped charisma. It’s your birthday month, baby, and just like Arthur the hurricane-not-aardvark did, you’re gonna Make. It. Rain.

Leo

Per Susan who is clearly a Leo but never actually admits it anywhere publicly: “You are standing in the wings, the orchestra has arrived and are tuning up, and very shortly – on July 16 – you will be the reigning king or queen of the zodiac when Jupiter, giver of gifts and luck, enters Leo on that day.” What she means, other than the fact that she blatantly favors your sign (I’m not bitter, I’m not bitter) is that now is the time to make your dreams a reality because the planets are on your side: you’re going to fall in love, have a great job interview, and feel inspired. But you know what she always says — astrology acts as a guide, and only you can prevent forest fires. Or make them happen.

Virgo 

Well go ahead and buy that digital fog horn you’ve been lusting over, weirdo, because Mercury has finally gone out of retrograde which means you can hit up Walmart and start buying electronics again! It’s a great time to join a club (tennis, anyone? turkey, bacon, tomato and extraneous slice of sourdough toast, anyone?) and because of Jupiter cradling itself in your arms when it’s not peeing on Libra’s carpet (allegedly!!! see below…) it’s going to be the perfect opportunity to “center yourself, withdraw from draining obligations and think about what makes you happy.” Susan said that, and she is as wise as the planets are old.

Libra

No pressure or anything but starting right now you have exactly 8 days to find a way to step up to a position of “greater responsibility and power.” If Khaleesi was able to do it in the desert with no dry shampoo and three annoying-ass fire breathing birds the size of Escalades, however, you totally can too. Act fast because Jupiter can only help you until it peaces out on the 16th. (This may be a good thing though, because Susan mentions that you’ve been “having a professional shampoo your rugs, carpets, and upholstery” which sounds an awful lot to me like ol’ Jupiter’s been forgetting where the bathroom is, if ya catch my drift.) Come the 24th, you’re going to make a new house trained friend.

Scorpio 

Sunshine Susan says that each week this month is cause for celebration for you Scorpioz, so prep your house with those plastic electrical outlet covers that make it hard for babies to stick their fingers into and let’s party! She also says that legal decisions may come up on July 12 so should there be a correlation, make sure you have a solid alibi. I was never there, for the record. (But yes to your text, I will bring the party hats.) “Do not,” writes Suz, “under any circumstances, be out of the office for an extended period on vacation at the end of July.” This sounds like her New Year’s thing circa January, but according to her, “too many wonderful things will be bubbling up.” Pop a Tums now and hang on.

Sagittarius 

You look very nice this month, Sagittarius. Just everything about you is really glowing. And you’re so funny! And such a good cook! You’re so smart. And I love your outfit. Oh also, so random but guess what? You’re going to get a ton of money at the beginning of this month and just sort of roll around in gold and luck — “you are luckier than a Leprechaun now” says Suz — so just in case you’re looking to adopt a full grown adult, or at the very least should you feel generous and buy a round of alcoholic ice pops, remember who the person was that gave you the best compliments. ME.

Capricorn

Any career pressure you’ve been feeling is going to lift. Unless you’re a professional body builder, in which case I can only imagine it will grow, but Susan did not address this specifically. My apologies. With the welcome shift comes a significant decrease in the number of grey hairs you’ve been seeing and more importantly, an increase in the time you get to hang out with your friends. Yes, Drake. Yes new friends. Regarding love: if you’re hooking up with someone, you’ll DTR. If you’re dating, you may get engaged. If you’re married, you’ll get more married! And if you’re single and look like the cop from The Leftovers, then call me.

Aquarius 

A friend told me I have to go one month without referencing the song in a horoscopes post. YOU KNOW THE SONG. When I say “told me,” I mean “threatened me,” so we’re skipping my favorite part of your sign and heading straight into the very boring topic of health. You’re welcome, Carol! But it’s all healing: if you’re in rehab, you’ll be nearing the end of treatment. If you’re in therapy, you may have a breakthrough. For the sake of my grudge, let’s just say Carol will not. In other news: Mars and Saturn the planets as opposed to the candy bar and extinct car company, respectively, are going to boost your career. Looks like someone’s gonna need a new power suit.

Pisces 

Not to talk about another sign or sound like my grandmother but this is going to be a really great month for you in the love department and same goes for Aries, so I’d love to set you two up if you’re interested. What’s your type — available, or On Sale-able? Because if it’s the latter, you can finally shop again come July 25 when Mars is going to get the hell out of your bank account’s business. (BTW, blaming Mars is a fantastic tactic when you accidentally charge, like, $700 worth of pizza to your internship boss’s credit card.)

Aries 

It’s not a horoscope without a butt joke that writes itself, so let’s get this out of the way: Uranus is in a “hard square angle to the Sun” on July 8, which is today. Maybe you need some Jamie Lee Curtis yogurt to get you moving? Just grin and bear it through the end of the week, because by July 12 you’ll get any answers you were looking for and on July 16th, some sweet lovin’. In fact, your dance card is not only going to completely fill up for the next thirteen months, it sounds like one of those tangos will turn into a serious love.

Taurus

Saturn has been opposed to our sun since October 2012 which is supposed to be a bad thing (and makes sense, because my Halloween costume was really mediocre that year, IDK about yours). It’s a “bad thing” because it means the universe chose our challenges for us as opposed to the other way around. Oh, you were gonna make 2012 the year you got in shape? NOPE! Saturn decided you need a broken leg. The good news is the challenges are making us Kelly Clarkson stronger (2013 was a great costume year) and the best news is that after 2014, Saturn’s done bein’ a bitch. Starting this month, everything will begin coming up roses. Or should I say…rosé.

Gemini 

Sup, Aunt Geminima? Hope you had a nice birthday last month. July is going to be sweeter than the syrup that comes out of the top of your head because Jupiter, “the planet of good fortune,” is going to start hooking up with Leo. In Suzy Loops terms this means: “If Jupiter were a person (and not a planet), and you went to visit him in his office, he would be a VIP with a name plate on his desk – but it would not say his name, ‘Jupiter’, but would instead say, ‘MORE!’ Jupiter will always give you more of whatever you ask him to give you – he is the planet of abundance.” So ask for shit, use your skills. And then confirm that Jupiter is not, in fact, a real person.

One last thing: July 24th is the luckiest day for all of us. Bling bling! Wanna hang?

So Aries, you’re a cranky horned animal right? The LAries David  of the Zodiac world, if you will. Great, we’ll get along. Last month Suzaroo said you’re getting a new moon at the end of March which will be conjunct with Uranus, thus causing some major events that might be good or bad — 50/50 threats are fun! — but the episode will definitely be strange regardless. “With Uranus,” she concludes, “you never know which end is up.” Ain’t that the truth. Happy birthday!

Thanks a LOT, Lazy Susan, for your utter lack of sympathy toward Team Taurus‘ astrological profile this month. I really needed you today. We needed you. But since I like you, I’m going to assume that you’re working extra hard on next month’s ‘scopes since it’s all about The Bull for May. On behalf of all other Taurii, I’d like to request that you say only nice things and use the word “spectacular” a lot, and in the meantime let’s just assume that April is gonna rule for us.

Ge-minifridge, you had a “difficult new moon on March 30” that may have involved “a lover, friend, or lover,” according to The Suz. Judging by the fact that she wrote “lover” twice, I’m going to go head and assume that you are dating a lot of people. And why shouldn’t you? She’s just jealous because you’re young and in love. Since I know nothing else about your sign I’m gonna go ahead and say that April looks divine but you may get some chin acne from making out a lot. That’s okay, it happens!

Alright Cancers, S&M left you with a little bit more info than the rest of us in March’s breakdown but it’s not all sunshine and ceviche. The beginning of April means a shake-up in your career life, and on April 15th an eclipse will affect your home and family but she encourages you to not take action until after May 19. You know what that means? Put up each one of your crab legs and chill the fuck out.

Leonardo DiCaprios, I didn’t feel like reading your thing from last month so let’s say that this April you’ll be looking finer than Seth Mosakowski. Just a real influx of great head-hair days with minimal regrowth in the regions you typically wax. This is because Venus is stalking you and Mercury’s napping and bla bla bla Susan please come back.

Disco InVirgo, don’t be mad but I didn’t read yours from March either. Let’s just say that Mars is going to come in like a wrecking ball with a little Miley Cyrus riding on top, but it’s a good thing, I promise, because this is our party and everyone loves that song. April is going to one big, white, flare-legged rhinestoned paint suit, so point your finger in the air and go John Travolta-akimbo.

You better beLibra I actually read your March H-scope…but it gave me nothing. So your sign’s a polar bear, right? You’re lucky because that’s the coolest kind of bear. Literally. All I got from last month’s Snoozy Suze-fest is that a new moon from March 30 means something will come up soon that you didn’t expect. But as Susan said, don’t worry about that which you can’t control, “just open the window and see what flies in.” Unless you live in NYC, which means it will definitely be a pigeon.

Scorpion Bowls are very dangerous drinks to consume when you haven’t eaten during the day. They are common among tacky establishments with lots of nick-nacks on the wall, and are typically ordered at bachelorette parties and/or birthday celebrations. The alcoholic liquid is consumed via three-foot long straws by people in obnoxious pink boas, and once swallowed a lot of WOO-ING commences. I guess that’s not a horoscope so much as it is a definition but hey! Look over there! Pizza!

Well team Sagittarius, Drunk Aunt Suz put your April ‘scope in March’s, so here it is in full:

“Welcome to April – this new moon of March 20 will give you a preview of the hardest month of 2014. There are two eclipses due next month, one April 15, which will focus you on a friend (maybe the same one) and April 29, which will be about your work projects and health. This new moon will give you hints of what is to come. We are all in this together, so all we can do is open the window and see what flies in.”

Don’t shoot the messenger!!!!!!

Capricorn, why so forlorn? Are your shoes worn? Where’s your horn? (I’m so sorry guys. Susan will be back next month I swear.) In your March breakdown Suz hinted that you may be slightly less affected than everyone else this month by all the asshole eclipses, and therefor you’ll be put in the helper role. This will be just like when you got to be the helper in kindergarten, so wear your badge of honor proudly and remember that the rest of us NEED YOU! You’re the only one of us who knows how to spell!

QUICK, Aquarius! You’ve got Venus in your sector for exactly four more days, so make it count in the looks department. Need a haircut? Get it now. Want plastic surgery? You don’t need it, but if you insist make your appointment NOW. This is from your actual leftover March horoscope, so don’t make me say “I told you so” come May when you’re crying about the blowout that was too little too late.

SPisces Girls, you got an awful lot of attention last month because you just had a birthday, so I’m just going to completely make shit up for you this time. Saturn’s going to be two-stepping in your house of roofs-be-raised, meanwhile Jupiter ate too much cake during March so it doesn’t really feel like moving this April. Be the swimming pool that you know you can be, you ethereal water sign. And come May, I promise, you’ll find love in a hopeless place.

Pisces Happy Birthday fishy fishy! You have a fresh new moon this month that’s gonna light shit up in a good way. Direct its energy in any direction you want, but focus on the first two weeks because it fades a bit each day. Suz, always with the accidental sexual innuendos, writes that “Jupiter, the giver of gifts and luck, will send his glittering beams to the new moon,” so it’s all about creativity and love and blessings for you this March. Know who else is a Pisces? Lupita Nyong’o.

Aries This is sort of a slow month for you, Aries. In fact, I wonder if an Aries annoyed Susan recently because she wasn’t her usual Cinderella self, although she did say the beginning of March is sprinkled with pixie dust for you, yada yada. Focus your energy on existing relationships and past projects and honestly, milk that for all it’s worth. “Yeaa…sorry…Professor Davis? Susan Miller said I shouldn’t start anything new so, I can’t do homework this month.”

Taurus Guys, we have been given a license to party by the very woman who once suggested we stay at home during New Years Eve. Let’s take this info and go for a damn jog. See old friends, meet new people, brag about the fact that 2014 Oscar winner Cate Blanchett has the same sign as us, etc. Romance and love should be “quite delicious” (eye roll because sometimes Suzie’s such an embarrassing aunt), work looks good, and maybe, just maybe, we’ll go to the dentist.

Gemini March is about your career, and your career is looking Gemin-fly. Mo money’s going to come in with no problems, but you’ll have to put in the effort to get it. Also of note: you might have a fight with a friend (actually — money may be involved so I lied earlier), but if navigated well it could turn out with positive results. And, because your horoscope this month wasn’t exactly a laugh riot, here’s a joke to share with an Aries: Two muffins were sitting in the oven. One muffin turned to the other and said, “Man, it’s getting hot in here!” And the other one goes, “Holy shit! A talking muffin!”

Cancer Guess what crabby patty? You are in your watery element this month thanks to the sun in Pisces (don’t forget to wish them HBD on the ‘book) and the new moon. Suz predicts nothing but sunshine and tarter sauce when it comes to foreign travel, higher learning, philosophy, religion, legal matters, publishing, and broadcasting. Aka, you’re having an Oprah.

Leo Roar, girl, because this month is bringing the cash. If you’re looking to raise money for a creative endeavor, now’s the time. (Embroidered portraits of Bob Ross on pillows? Hello, Kickstarter!) That said, don’t go turning Happy Place Pillows into a full-blown Etsy shop until May 1st because some other annoying planet is going into retrograde, but I half stopped reading and can’t be bothered to find whether it was Jupiter or what again. Just trust me. In other news, your love life will be vibing.

Virgo Your sign is hanging out with Neptune this month, which means your love is going to be strengthened like a P90X heart. However, Suz says the same planet can apparently make things a bit foggy, so be aware of any red flags you’d perhaps otherwise consider when it comes to DRTing. Sounds like money is a bit of an issue for you this month, and napping Mars won’t make it any easier. Set up a lemonade stand and wait until the 26th — apparently that’s a baller ass day in your eleventh house of hopes and wishes, and you’re going to want to circle it in gold.

Libra A secret may either come to light that clears things up, or, one of your secrets may come out; if you’re taken your partner may act like a bit of a lunatic this month too, all of which is to say that I think Susan Miller is watching reruns of Gossip Girl again. Good news: if you’re looking for a new job, now’s the time. You’ll feel waves of success this month and may get a promotion. If you’re self employed, more work will come your way. No matter what happens Venus is on your side so at least your Instagram pics will be on point.

Scorpio Matthew McConaughey’s a Scorpio and he just won an Oscar, so yea, safe to say you’re going to have a solid March. If you’re in a creative field, you’re about to turn out some of your best work, and when it comes to relationships, ooo baby: “This new moon will light your fifth house of true love,” writes our girl. “It will come like a magnificent bride, hold the arm of dignified Neptune, and together as they walk together in the heavens they will sprinkle golden dust over you.” Just remember to thank your new love in your future acceptance speech in addition to yourself.

Sagittarius If you are into home renovation and interior design, this is your month. If you are not, maybe you should just pretend you are for the sake of a good March. I’m like, 9 paragraphs deep into your horoscope on Astrology Zone and Susan is literally still going on about hardwood floors. “Do you want to take a little trip?” she asks, finally changing the subject. Apparently March 18th is a good time to do so. Don’t make any big decisions about love, and just enjoy all your new sconces and ottomans until March comes out of retrograde.

Capricorn It’s a good time to travel for those of you who share a sign with Jared Leto. Should you take a trip it will be luxurious and romantic, like the 2014 Oscar winner’s ombre’d waves and dreamy eyes. The month may end on a rocky note, so make the most of your good vibes in early March — visit the Swiss Alps! Take the bar exam! Write a novel! Sky’s the limit and Jupiter is cheering in your corner. Don’t sign any contracts to be safe, though. And why not — eat a waffle.

Aquarius You are last this month but certainly not least.  You’re going to make money, especially if you’re an artist in any way thanks to Neptune. If you’re not in a creative field, that may change rather soon, and may the force be with you Young Skywalker. But passivity is never the name of the game. “Go out and beat the bushes until you find that golden opportunity,” writes Madam Miller. She also suggests that you buy some new clothes that make you feel like a million bucks. “Why shouldn’t you look great?” she asks.

To which I say, go forth and Prada.

Happy birthday Aqua babies! Your gift from me to you is that I will not, for once, type the lyrics to that song. Your gift from Susan to you is this: your ruler, Uranus, will send a golden vibration to the new moon from your house of communication and travel. Cool. You’ll be more sentimental and mushy than usual this month, so try not to annoy your friends by making out with your significant other at dinner. If you’re single, mingle. Other than that, eat crab cake and celebrate — the end of the month brings $$$.

It’s an introspective month for you, Pisces. You’re going to look at the world and your part in it as if you were watching scenes in a movie. How very underwater Truman Show of you! Your intuition will be strong and you’ll crave alone time. Life will feel “quite glorious” in all areas of love and creativity — use that information as you see fit but it sounds like a sex swing may be in your future. Or you’ll paint something. Either/or, really.

Aziz AnsAries, old friends are coming back into your life, and friends in general will be “important players” for you in February. Mercury’s kind of being an asshole this month, so you’re likely to lose things. Don’t sign papers, and do not buy a refrigerator. I hope that didn’t just ruin your week right there — new fridges rule — but the good news is that it’s a great time for sweet lovin’, so get out there and kiss a stranger.

This will be a very exciting month for us Tauruses regarding career, home, and social life. I like to call this: Having a Beyoncé. It’s much needed after Venus’s long ass nap (must be nice), because the snoozing planet slowed down our progress. Susan wants us to throw a Valentine’s Day party for singles, to which I’m just like, Hang on, let me round up my cats. In other newz by Suz, it’s a good time to buy furniture, and a heavenly event is coming our way ’round Feb 28. We win!

Geminguys, I’d want to be you if my horoscope wasn’t so non-lame for once. Susan says that a beautiful new moon appeared on Jan 30 for you, which is causing opportunity rain down in ways you’ve not seen in months. You’re straight shining. You’ll be imaginative, creative, and your horizons are opening up. Also, you may become famous. “This sounds like a great month,” writes Suz, “and one you will find as delicious as ice cream. Eat it all up with a spoon!” I just hope none of you are lactose intolerant. <3

I’m gonna be real with you Cancers, your horoscope opens up like Zzzzzz with talk of taxes so I fell asleep for about four of Susan’s paragraphs. But I did pay attention to the part where she more or less said Uranus is going to bring you a literal buttload of cash, just out of the blue, so check your mail with fervor. Possibly anticipating your new influx of money, our girl wants you to celebrate Valentine’s day with casual caviar and champagne. As we say in the old country: Carpe diem! That’s Latin for YOLO.

Leos, I bet your ears have been burning because Susan keeps talking about you to the other signs. In a good way. Valentine’s Day falls “precisely on a full moon in Leo” so not only does your sign make February 14th fancy all around (see: Cancers having a very P. Diddy V-Day), but this holiday actually belongs to you this year. “You must promise me to celebrate,” says Party Suz. Go out no matter what — single, taken, catted up — doesn’t matter. Just get out there and flaunt your Versace.

Suzaloo says that you Virgos will be working on a new assignment this month as a result of the fresh moon that occurred Jan 30 in your solar house of day-to-day projects — aka the Martha Stuart Stars. Maybe you like to craft! Maybe you like to bedazzle! Who cares because this project will give you some much needed money. Mercury is in retrograde which is kind of boring to talk about, and since Venus is having a full blown cotillion to announce her return, you’re in luck regarding love.

Libras!! Susan begins your horoscope as if you had a rough couple of weeks. I had no idea! Why didn’t you text me? Never mind that because February is going to be good to you, and a shimmering new moon has lit your house of true love on fiya. If you’re single, you won’t be for long. If it sounds like I’m hitting on you, then maybe I am. Showering a lot is important this February because you just might meet the person of your dreams when you least expect it, and we all know the worst thing would be to smell. On a work-related note, you’ll be given interesting assignments and you will make. them. sparkle.

Scorpios, a new moon is going to bring luck to your side and push life in your favor. However, because of this stupid retrograding Mercury (there’s always one, isn’t there?) beware of “sure things” falling through. “Cast a wide net,” says our fisherwoman of the stars. But get this: “Scorpios working in creative fields will also do exceptionally well…all sorts of ideas will fall from your mind all around you, and when they do, [they] will shine more brilliantly than diamonds.” (Suz loves a Rhianna reference.)

The first sentence into Susan’s prediction for Capricorns said that you’re going to end the month richer than you started. Venus is also favoring your sign this month so a) you’re probably feeling like a full dime piece and b) love is going to flow into your life. It’s a great time for traveling short distances. Suz went slightly delirious and suggested you go somewhere with snow, but she also suggests somewhere with water. So, FIJI IT IS, TITO!

Leandra (a Sagittarius) has gotten so superstitious about her horoscopes that I get nervous telling the truth. Luckily, Suzaroo said good if not weird things this go-around: “You are about to spread your wings this month and fly away, dear Sagittarius, thanks to a new moon that will seem like a fairy godmother, who will make sure you go and have plenty of fun while there.” WHAT? Who cares, let’s dance. Be deliberate about communication this month, otherwise you might send an awkward email to the wrong person. Maybe this is why she wants you to travel. On the bright side, Internet media will shine for you. (Cough*read Man Repeller*cough)

A final note for all of us: Mercury is going into retrograde, which means it’s a good time to do anything with the pre-fix “re.” Susan actually said that. If this were an 8th grade classroom you know there’d be some boy who raises his hand and goes, “What about RE-fart?” But seriously, it’s a time to revisit, reexamine, rediscover, etc.

The retrograde will make February a slow month, so enjoy the sloth and put the re in Rihanna.

Happy birthday Capricorn. Sometimes I’m jealous about the name of your sign because it’s similar to the word “unicorn.” I’m also jealous of your horoscope this month because your planets are killing it. You have Venus, Mercury, Pluto, the Sun, and a new moon at 11 degrees, meaning you’ve got the power right now to maneuver things in your favor. In other words, this song is your anthem this month.

Will it get old if I make the “Age of Aquarius” joke every time I see you, Aqua-ladies? Probably not, so let’s talk stars. Suz wants you to center yourself and get your meditation on. It’s going to be a very creative month for you — something about planets in the twelfth house representing birth placenta (?!?). However, your judgement in love will be off, so avoid reckless swiping on Tinder.

Pisces, I hope you like saying “hi” because you’re going to make some new friends this month. The Suzinator also wants you to join a club and get on social media. Maybe you’re about to become famous on Vine. You’re also set to get “swept away in love” on January 15th and any financial troubles will be smoothed over. Mo’ money, less problems, that’s what I always say.

Mama Miller talked a lot about your career this month, Aries. It’s a great time for a major change, but apparently the moon is going to be a big cranky baby so you’ll have to be very organized and carry around a proverbial diaper bag in order to make The Big Career Shift happen. She seems to want you to wait until the end of the month for any dating, pampering or general fun-having which is annoying, but just remember that Romeo and Juliet were a cautionary tale!

Who’s with me in Club Taurus? A new moon of January 1 will allegedly light our house of travel. Unless someone’s surprising me with a romantic trip to Bermuda, this is clearly false. Apprently Uranus is going to be a literal ass and send in challenges at work, and if you’re a man reading this, do not grow a beard. She did not specify if it was an okay time for women to grow beards but I probably won’t just to be safe.

Susan Miller is essentially my grandmother this month regarding all Geminis. She is concerned about your state of affairs regarding money (“watch for identity theft!”), she’s worried about your health and slippery sidewalks (“protect your bones!”), and visiting the dentist. She didn’t mention anything about freezing to death in this cold but I’m sure she meant to. Unlike my grandmother, however, Suz says that when it comes to your love life, “you have time.”

Good Lorde Cancer, your horoscope was so long it’s a wonder I didn’t actually grow that beard Susan just advised me against. Good news first: money will come in at the end of the month. Yay!$!$! It sounds like a bit of a tumultuous start to the month, with crazy work life possibly interfering with close relationships and potential plumbing issues or something, but Susan feels confident you can get through them. So do I. Get in there like a wrecking ball, girl.

“Shake the confetti out of your hair, dear Leo,” wrote Suz. “You’ve got to buckle down to work the minute you hit the office.” Don’t mind her…I think she’s just annoyed you went out on New Years Eve without her. You have a new moon in your fitness sector so if you did make resolutions regarding lunges and what not, now’s the time. Important to note is that January 29 is going to be a very lucky day for you, so buy me us a lottery ticket and let’s dance!

Speaking of dance, this month is Disco In-Virgo if you know what I mean. If you don’t, Pluto will be friendly with the sun and new moon, making you confident, which, writes Susan, “as everyone knows, is the greatest aphrodisiac.” (Second best are oysters.) She encourages you go looking for love. Or, per the old rumored-about Jersey Shore spinoff, go Snookin for love.

Libras, you’re having a Martha Stewart moment this month — painting rooms, “perking up your basement,” tying bathroom linens with superfluous pieces of twine, etc. January 29 is your sparkling day for love, so go in search of a new ottoman at Ikea — maybe you’ll meet a fellow Libra by the couch section then share a plate of their Swedish meatballs.

If Libras are having an MS month, Scorpios are channeling their inner Bon Iver. Susan wants you to take hikes in the mountains, go antiquing, visit flea markets, make friends with artists and writers and she keeps referring to your cup of tea. She was one step away from encouraging you to join a vegetable co-op. Your career looks good but extremely busy, which may be tricky to balance with all of these crunchy new activities you’re about to try.

Hey Sagittaritootles. This month your horoscope is pretty money heavy, but it seems like where minor issues arise, you’ll be able to work through them calmly. Here’s the good news: come January 29 (this seems to be a fancy day for everyone), the Sun and Uranus will be sweetly angled to each other. To me, this sounds like a Sun’s Out Buns Out occasion, so maybe you’ll be on a last minute trip (with me!) to Bermuda to get a little bronze on before fashion week come Feb. Or you’ll get a spray tan, tomato tomahto.

Finally, a general note to everyone on behalf of Susan Miller which she insists on stressing and repeating: since Venus the beauty planet is stillll in retrograde, now’s not a good time for the plastic surgery. Got it?

Other than that, welcome to the New Year, hot chips.

We can begin with Taurus first since that’s what I am. Miller says that “a happy beam from Uranus” (which she also notes is the “planet of surprise”!) means us bulls or whatever a Taurus is will have good luck with money this month. She wrote that “most Taurus can always find ways to stash a little money away each month,” to which I say “HAHAH!” This bull can not.

For the lucky Aries, Suzy is really excited about your mooooons. One of your moons means it’s a good time to travel and another (or maybe it’s the same one but who can keep count) means you’ll shine academically/in the work place. Big fat Uranus shows up again, sending beams to your moon(s)(?) and making everything go unexpectedly well for you.

Gemini, you can say Gemin-hi to your love life. From December 3 – 10 it will be all sparkly and whatnot thanks to Mars. It will also add an element of surprise to your social life, so that sounds fun!

Hey Cancers, sweet aerial crab 0-the-stars. Susan wants you to focus on your health this month and get your fitness done early before January’s resolutions. “30 minutes will do” she says, in reference to your workout plan. That seems manageable enough and I just might join you after eating my weight in pie these past few days. Shall we start a walking club?

Leo, you’re a party animal early on in this month. Your house of romance and fun is all lit up, you have a ton of events to look forward to. And somehow, despite all of this cab-taking you’re clearly going to be doing, it looks like you’ll be able to get caught up financially. La-dee-da! From December 21 – January 31, however, it is not a time to buy yourself a diamond ring.

I hope you like friendship, Virgo, because it sounds like you’re going to have a ton of guests and hand holding and singing around the old campfire. Also, “the full moon of December 17 in Gemini (25 degrees) will likely be a big moment for your career.” You heard it from The Wise Suz first, I just spread the word.

Pack your bags, ya Libra! This month is all about travel for you. Apparently, however, your ruling planet Venus has decided to take a nap, so it may seem like things are a bit stuck. That’s sort of rude of Venus but since you’re encouraged to travel, I say go somewhere you can get a tan — or at least a large piña colada — while you’re waiting for ol’ lazy bones to wake up.

Scorpios should “put a gold star on December 12, one of your very finest days of the month, when Jupiter (luck, profits, happiness) and Saturn (long-term agreements, stability) combine forces at a “trine” aspect, one of supreme harmony.” Well if that doesn’t sound angelic then I don’t know what does.

To the future Woody Allens out there — Capricorn gets a moon that will appear in your “subconscious sector.” This means that you should envision your life as a movie, with everything you want to happen, and since your brain apparently can’t discern between real life and dreams you’ll push yourself closer to getting what you want.

It’s the age of…Aquarius! Around December 17 you’re going to have an “enchanting, romantic moment” (ooo!) and you’ll have an open road to pursue all your life goals and dreams and cupcakes and rainbows. The end of the month is not, however, a time for plastic surgery.

Pisces, your house of friendship is brightening so I wonder if you should hang out with a Virgo and then you can invite all of your new buddies to the big party that our furry-maned Leos are apparently hosting. On December 12th you’ll get a whole bunch of gold stars or something like that. Make sure you share!

Last but not least, since it is your month, after all, Sagittarius, you are getting one of the best moons of the year! Lucky. Susan writes that “each year at birthday time, you get a big cosmic gift, a new moon in your sign, and you can use it to grasp a dream close to your heart that is of your choosing. This only happens once a year, so think about this!”  Um, it is Cyber Monday after all so to me, this means…go shopping.

To sum this all up, it looks like we’re all doing fairly well financially, we’ll attend some fancy fetes and it was stressed that none of us should do anything drastic regarding our looks. (Raise your hand if you’re like, YOLO, Suz, I’m chopping this shit off regardless.)

“There is no predestination in astrology,” Susan wrote in my sign’s copy. “You must take action to show the universe your intent.” 

Deep.










